 caring for people in acute day hospitals is as effective as inpatient care in treating acutely ill psychiatric patients. however further data are still needed on the cost effectiveness of day hospitals.
 two trials are included in this review but no conclusions can be drawn for the benefit of co-acupressure for slowing progress of myopia in children. further evidence in the form of rcts are needed before any recommendations can be made for the use of acupuncture treatment in clinical use. these trials should compare acupuncture to placebo and have large sample sizes. other types of acupuncture such as auricular acupuncture should be explored further as well as compliance with treatment for at least six months or longer. axial length elongation of the eye should be investigated for at least one year. the potential to reduce/eliminate pain from acupuncture experienced by children should also be reviewed.
 there is no significant difference between simple aspiration and intercostal tube drainage with regard to immediate success rate early failure rate duration of hospitalisation one year success rate and number of patients requiring pleurodesis at one year. simple aspiration is associated with a reduction in the per cent of patients hospitalized when compared with intercostal tube drainage.
 radiofrequency thermal ablation seems a potentially promising technique for the treatment of small hepatocellular carcinoma. however more randomised clinical trials are needed.
 fess as currently practised is a safe surgical procedure. the limited evidence available suggests that fess as practised in the included trials has not been demonstrated to confer additional benefit to that obtained by medical treatment sinus irrigation in chronic rhinosinusitis. more randomised controlled trials comparing fess with medical and other treatments with long-term follow up are required.
 simple advice has a small effect on cessation rates. assuming an unassisted quit rate of 2 to 3 a brief advice intervention can increase quitting by a further 1 to 3%. additional components appear to have only a small effect though there is a small additional benefit of more intensive interventions compared to very brief interventions.
 the evidence suggests that providing early orthodontic treatment for children with prominent upper front teeth is no more effective than providing one course of orthodontic treatment when the child is in early adolescence.
 two intervention types the specialist epilepsy nurse and self-management education have some evidence of benefit. however we did not find clear evidence that other service models substantially improve outcomes for adults with epilepsy. it is also possible that benefits are situation specific and may not generalise to other settings. these studies included only a small number of service providers whose individual competence or expertise may have had a significant impact on outcomes. at present it is not possible to advocate any single model of service provision.
 certain settings of care i.e. high volume of hiv positive patients and models of care i.e. case management may improve patient mortality and other outcomes. more detailed descriptions of care models consistent definition of terms and studies on innovative models suitable for developing countries are needed. there is not yet enough evidence to guide policy and clinical care in this area.
 this review finds no evidence that cannabinoids are effective in the improvement of disturbed behaviour in dementia or in the treatment of other symptoms of dementia. more randomized double-blind placebo controlled trials are needed to determine whether cannabinoids are clinically effective in the treatment of dementia.
 from the limited results it is unclear whether the wearing of surgical face masks by members of the surgical team has any impact on surgical wound infection rates for patients undergoing clean surgery.
 complex approaches show promise with some persistence of abstinence 30 days point prevalence abstinence or continuous abstinence at six months especially those incorporating elements sensitive to stage of change and using motivational enhancement and cbt. we await results of recent trials of not on tobacco trials and more data is needed on sustained quitting that allows for the episodic nature of much adolescent smoking. there were few trials with evidence about pharmacological interventions nicotine replacement and bupropion and none demonstrated effectiveness for adolescent smokers. there is not yet sufficient evidence to recommend widespread implementation of any one model. there continues to be a need for well-designed adequately powered randomized controlled trials of interventions for this population of smokers.
 although strong evidence supports the use of magnesium sulphate for prevention and treatment of eclampsia trials comparing alternative treatment regimens are too small for reliable conclusions.
 we found conflicting evidence for erythropoiesis-stimulating agents to increase quality of life and hemoglobin level by treating anemia in patients with rheumatoid arthritis. however this conclusion is based on randomized controlled trials with a high risk of bias and relies on trials assessing human recombinant erythropoietin epo). the safety profile of epo is unclear. future trials assessing erythropoiesis-stimulating agents for anemia in rheumatoid arthritis should be conducted by independent researchers and reported according to the consort statements. trials should be based on outcome measures in rheumatoid arthritis clinical trials omeract and the patient-centered outcomes research institute pcori approaches for combining both clinician and patient perspectives.
 overall there is preliminary evidence that a variety of cognitive-behavioral interventions can be used with children and adolescents to successfully manage or reduce pain and distress associated with needle-related procedures. however many of the included studies received lower quality scores because they failed to describe the randomization procedure and participant withdrawals or drop-outs from the study. further rcts need to be conducted particularly for the many interventions for which we could not locate any trials.
 there was evidence individual tfcbt emdr stress management and group tfcbt are effective in the treatment of ptsd. other non-trauma focused psychological treatments did not reduce ptsd symptoms as significantly. there was some evidence that individual tfcbt and emdr are superior to stress management in the treatment of ptsd at between 2 and 5 months following treatment and also that tfcbt emdr and stress management were more effective than other therapies. there was insufficient evidence to determine whether psychological treatment is harmful. there was some evidence of greater drop-out in active treatment groups. the considerable unexplained heterogeneity observed in these comparisons and the potential impact of publication bias on these data suggest the need for caution in interpreting the results of this review.
 no male hormonal contraceptive is ready for clinical use. most trials were small exploratory studies. their power to detect important differences was limited and their results imprecise. in addition assessment of azoospermia can vary by sensitivity of the method used. future trials need more attention to the methodological requirements for rcts. more trials with adequate power would also be helpful.
 nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs reduce bleeding and pain associated with iud use. nsaids should be considered first-line therapy if nsaids are ineffective tranexamic acid may be considered as second-line therapy. prophylactic ibuprofen administration with the first six menses after insertion appears unwarranted.
 this review found no evidence that early inhaled steroids confer important advantages over systemic steroids in the management of ventilator dependent preterm infants. neither inhaled steroids nor systemic steroids can be recommended as a part of standard practice for ventilated preterm infants. because they might have fewer adverse effects than systemic steroids further randomised controlled trials of inhaled steroids are needed that address risk/benefit ratio of different delivery techniques dosing schedules and long-term effects with particular attention to neurodevelopmental outcome.
 there is currently no evidence of the effects of extraction of primary canine teeth in 10-13 year old children with one or two palatally displaced permanent canine teeth.
 we did not find good evidence to show that hbot improves clinical outcomes when applied during the acute presentation of ischaemic stroke. while evidence from the six rcts is insufficient to provide clear guidelines for practice the possibility of clinical benefit has not been excluded. further research is required to better define the role of hbot in this condition.
 only tentative conclusions can be drawn from the available evidence in this review. compared with orif there was some evidence that radial head replacement had better elbow function and fewer adverse events for mason type iii radial head fractures in the short term. however the evidence is of low quality and it is unknown whether these results would apply in the longer term or more generally. using biodegradable implants may be as good as metallic implants for fixation of some usually more stable fractures but more evidence is needed to confirm this. there is a need for good quality evidence for addressing the areas of uncertainty for the surgical treatment of radial head fractures.
 the practice of surgical and chemical sympathectomy for neuropathic pain and crps is based on very little high quality evidence. sympathectomy should be used cautiously in clinical practice in carefully selected patients and probably only after failure of other treatment options.
 icbi are effective tools for learning about sexual health and they also show positive effects on self-efficacy intention and sexual behaviour. more research is needed to establish whether icbi can impact on biological outcomes to understand how interventions might work and whether they are cost-effective.
 the involvement of ihw in asthma programs targeted for their own ethnic group in one small trial was beneficial in improving most but not all asthma outcomes in children with asthma. it is very likely that involvement of an ihw is beneficial. however as exacerbation frequency was not significantly different between groups we cannot be confident of the results in all settings. nevertheless given the complexity of health outcomes and culture as well as the importance of self-determination for indigenous peoples the practice of including ihw in asthma education programs for indigenous children and adults with asthma is justified but should be subject to further randomised controlled trials.
 in addition to these randomized controlled trials a body of lower quality evidence does exist relevant to two other important interventions the use of supplemental enteral nutrition morin 1980 belli 1988 israel 1995 and the judicious use of surgical interventions in pre-pubertal children with refractory disease alperstein 1985 lipson 1990 mclain 1990). newer treatments such as infliximab are now becoming more widely used and may offer advantages in promoting growth. these effects are as yet unstudied. this review highlights the need for large multi centre studies of the different treatment options in paediatric crohn's disease and the importance of standardised measurements of growth such as height velocity standard deviation scores and height standard deviation scores as outcome measures.
 a single dose of paracetamol provides effective analgesia for about half of patients with acute postoperative pain for a period of about four hours and is associated with few mainly mild adverse events.
 people with mild moderate or severe dementia due to alzheimer's disease treated for periods of 12 24 or 52 weeks with donepezil experienced benefits in cognitive function activities of daily living and behaviour. study clinicians rated global clinical state more positively in treated patients and measured less decline in measures of global disease severity. there is some evidence that use of donepezil is neither more nor less expensive compared with placebo when assessing total health care resource costs. benefits on the 10 mg/day dose were marginally larger than on the 5 mg/day dose. taking into consideration the better tolerability of the 5 mg/day donepezil compared with the 10 mg/day dose together with the lower cost the lower dose may be the better option. the debate on whether donepezil is effective continues despite the evidence of efficacy from the clinical studies because the treatment effects are small and are not always apparent in practice.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the routine use of any particular intervention either for pituitary down regulation ovarian stimulation or adjuvant therapy in the management of poor responders to controlled ovarian stimulation in ivf. more robust data from good quality rcts with relevant outcomes are needed.
 current evidence regarding the effectiveness of anticonvulsants in patients with tinnitus has significant risk of bias. there is no evidence from studies performed so far to show that anticonvulsants have a large positive effect in the treatment of tinnitus but a small effect of doubtful clinical significance has been demonstrated.
 there is limited evidence from one small study to support the use of systemic antibiotics for the curative treatment of chronic rhinosinusitis in adults. further good quality trials with large sample sizes are needed to evaluate the use of antibiotics in chronic rhinosinusitis.
 current evidence suggests that antihistamine-analgesic-decongestant combinations have some general benefit in adults and older children. these benefits must be weighed against the risk of adverse effects. there is no evidence of effectiveness in young children.
 there is some evidence to suggest that csii may be better than mi for glycaemic control in people with type 1 diabetes. non-severe hypoglycaemic events do not appear to be reduced with csii. there is insufficient evidence regarding adverse events mortality morbidity and costs.
 longitudinal studies consistently suggest that exposure to tobacco advertising and promotion is associated with the likelihood that adolescents will start to smoke. based on the strength and specificity of this association evidence of a dose-response relationship the consistency of findings across numerous observational studies temporality of exposure and smoking behaviours observed as well as the theoretical plausibility regarding the impact of advertising we conclude that tobacco advertising and promotion increases the likelihood that adolescents will start to smoke.
 based on the limited evidence found we cannot conclude whether thrombolytic therapy is better than heparin for pulmonary embolism. more double-blind rcts with subgroup analysis of patients presenting with haemodynamically stable acute pulmonary embolism compared to those patients with a haemodynamic unstable condition are required.
 the conclusions that can be drawn from this meta-analysis are limited due to the small number of studies. for none of the outcomes was a statistically significant difference seen between the different interventions. current consensus is for the intrapartum administration of antibiotics when the diagnosis of intraamniotic infection is made however the results of this review neither support nor refute this although there was a trend towards improved neonatal outcomes when antibiotics were administered intrapartum. no recommendations can be made on the most appropriate antimicrobial regimen to choose to treat intraamniotic infection. note the six citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the review once assessed.
 diflunisal has an analgesic effect similar to other nsaids in single dose but benefits from providing significant analgesia for about twelve hours. this property may be useful when regular dosing is needed or when taking several doses of a shorter acting analgesic is impractical.
 regimens for the acute phase of illness should contain ceftazidime or imipenem. it is not yet clear if combinations of treatments in the early phase reduce relapse. for oral therapy after the acute phase of treatment trials suggest that conventional four drug regimens can be used for treatment.
 telephone consultation appears to reduce the number of surgery contacts and out-of-hours visits by general practitioners. however questions remain about its affect on service use and further rigorous evaluation is needed with emphasis on service use safety cost and patient satisfaction.
 cyproterone acetate combined with estradiol results in a subjective improvement in hirsutism compared to placebo. clinical differences in outcome between cyproterone acetate and other medical therapies were not demonstrated in the studies included in this review. this may be because of the small size of the studies lack of standardized assessment and lack of objective determinants of improvement in hirsutism. the endocrinological effects of the different drug therapies reflect the mode of action. larger carefully designed studies are needed to compare efficacy and safety profiles between drug therapies for hirsutism.
 inhaled antibiotic treatment probably improves lung function and reduces exacerbation rate but a pooled estimate of the level of benefit is not possible. the best evidence is for inhaled tobramycin. more evidence from trials of longer duration is needed to determine whether this benefit is maintained and to determine the significance of development of antibiotic-resistant organisms.
 we could not identify an antibiotic adjuvant therapy that could be recommended for the treatment of lung infection in those with cystic fibrosis. the emergence of increasingly resistant bacteria makes the reliance on antibiotics alone challenging for cystic fibrosis teams. there is a need to explore alternative strategies such as the use of adjuvant therapies. further research is required to provide future therapeutic options.
 antibiotic prophylaxis is effective in preventing infectious complications following trpb. there is no definitive data to confirm that antibiotics for long-course 3 days are superior to short-course treatments 1 day or that multiple-dose treatment is superior to single-dose.
 this systematic review's findings show that integrated hiv/aids and mnchn-fp services are feasible to implement and show promise towards improving a variety of health and behavioral outcomes. however significant evidence gaps remain. rigorous research comparing outcomes of integrated with non-integrated services including cost cost-effectiveness and health outcomes such as hiv and sti incidence morbidity and mortality are greatly needed to inform programs and policy.
 larger well-designed studies are needed to evaluate the effects of betamimetics on fetal growth. since there is potential for adverse effects due to the pharmacological characteristics of this group of drugs data related to any potential harms should be collected in addition to beneficial effects.
 we are not confident that cross-over studies are appropriate for this participant group as they are best for conditions that are stable and for interventions with no physiological and psychological carry-over. sildenafil may be a useful option in the treatment of antipsychotic-induced sexual dysfunction in men with schizophrenia but this conclusion is based only on one small short trial. switching to olanzapine may improve sexual functioning in men and women but the trial assessing this was a small open label trial. further well designed randomised control trials that are blinded and well conducted and reported which investigate the effects of dose reduction drug holidays symptomatic therapy and switching antipsychotic on sexual function in people with antipsychotic-induced sexual dysfunction are urgently needed.
 administration of systemic prophylactic antibiotics for peg tube placement reduces peristomal infection.
 there is currently insufficient evidence from randomised trials to determine the optimum surgical approach for insertion of a hemiarthroplasty to the hip.
 we found no evidence to support antioxidant supplements for primary or secondary prevention. beta-carotene and vitamin e seem to increase mortality and so may higher doses of vitamin a. antioxidant supplements need to be considered as medicinal products and should undergo sufficient evaluation before marketing.
 there is good evidence that cementing the prostheses in place will reduce post-operative pain and lead to better mobility. from the trials to date there is no evidence of any difference in outcome between bipolar and unipolar prosthesis. there is some evidence that a total hip replacement leads to better functional outcome than a hemiarthroplasty. further well-conducted randomised trials are required.
 drug treatment with piracetam may be effective in the treatment of aphasia after stroke. further research is needed to explore the effects of drugs for aphasia in particular piracetam. the safety of the drug should be of primary interest. researchers should examine the long-term effects and whether it is more effective than speech and language therapy.
 the evidence in this review does not support the use of prophylactic maternal phenobarbital administration to prevent pvh in preterm infants or to protect them from neurological disability in childhood. phenobarbital administration may lead to maternal sedation. if any future trials are carried out they should measure neurodevelopmental status at follow up.
 there is insufficient evidence to evaluate the effectiveness of sustained-release naltrexone for treatment of opioid dependence.for naltrexone injections administration site-related adverse effects appear to be frequent but of moderate intensity and time limited. for a harm-benefit evaluation of naltrexone implants more data on side effects and adverse events are needed.
 in experienced hands ultrasound provides at least as good success rates as other methods of peripheral nerve location. individual studies have demonstrated that ultrasound may reduce complication rates and improve quality performance time and time to onset of blocks. due to wide variations in study outcomes we chose not to combine the studies in our analysis.
 for the considered outcomes it seems that adding any psychosocial support to standard maintenance treatments do not add additional benefits. data do not show differences also for contingency approaches contrary to all expectations. duration of the studies was too short to analyse relevant outcomes such as mortality. it should be noted that the control intervention used in the studies included in the review on maintenance treatments is a program that routinely offers counselling sessions in addition to methadone thus the review actually did not evaluate the question of whether any ancillary psychosocial intervention is needed when methadone maintenance is provided but the narrower question of whether a specific more structured intervention provides any additional benefit to a standard psychosocial support. these interventions probably can be measured and evaluated by employing diverse criteria for evaluating treatment outcomes aimed to rigorously assess changes in emotional interpersonal vocational and physical health areas of life functioning.
 as a result of the few available studies no convincing conclusions can be formulated about the effectiveness of workplace interventions on work-related outcomes and health outcomes regardless of the type of work disability. the pooled data for the musculoskeletal disorders subgroup indicated that workplace interventions are effective in the reduction of sickness absence but they are not effective in improving health outcomes. the evidence from the subgroup analysis on musculoskeletal disorders was rated as moderate-quality evidence. unfortunately conclusions cannot be drawn on the effectiveness of these interventions for mental health problems and other health conditions due to a lack of studies.
 there is no evidence from rcts that supplementation with antioxidant vitamins beta-carotene vitamin c or vitamin e prevents or slows the progression of age-related cataract. we do not recommend any further studies to examine the role of antioxidant vitamins beta-carotene vitamin c and vitamin e in preventing or slowing the progression of age-related cataract. costs and adverse effects should be weighed carefully with unproven benefits before recommending their intake above recommended daily allowances.
 there was evidence from three pooled rcts that asa significantly reduces the recurrence of sporadic adenomatous polyps after one to three years. there is evidence from short-term studies to support regression but not elimination or prevention of cras in fap.
 although statistically significant the differences between disc replacement and conventional fusion surgery for degenerative disc disease were not beyond the generally accepted clinical important differences with respect to short-term pain relief disability and quality of life. moreover these analyses only represent a highly selected population. the primary goal of prevention of adjacent level disease and facet joint degeneration by using total disc replacement as noted by the manufacturers and distributors was not properly assessed and not a research question at all. unfortunately evidence from observational studies could not be used because of the high risk of bias while these could have improved external validity assessment of complications in less selected patient groups. non-randomised studies should however be very clear about patient selection and should incorporate independent blinded outcome assessment which was not the case in the excluded studies. therefore because we believe that harm and complications may occur after years we believe that the spine surgery community should be prudent about adopting this technology on a large scale despite the fact that total disc replacement seems to be effective in treating low-back pain in selected patients and in the short term is at least equivalent to fusion surgery.
 based on the results of one study evidence is incomplete to support or refute the effectiveness of low-molecular-weight heparins in people with sickle cell disease. vaso-occlusive crises are extremely debilitating for sufferers of sickle cell disease therefore well-designed placebo-controlled studies with other types of low-molecular-weight heparins and in participants with different genotypes of sickle cell disease still need to be carried out to confirm or dismiss the results of this single study.
 there is some evidence from five rcts that behavioural interventions may be effective for dysmenorrhoea. however results should be viewed with caution as they varied greatly between trials due to inconsistency in the reporting of data small trial size poor methodological quality and age of the trials.
 this update has provided additional confirmation on the effectiveness of antidepressants for neuropathic pain and has provided new information on another antidepressant venlafaxine. there is still limited evidence for the role of ssris. whether antidepressants prevent the development of neuropathic pain pre-emptive use is still unclear. both tcas and venlafaxine have nnts of approximately three. this means that for approximately every three patients with neuropathic pain who are treated with either of these antidepressants one will get at least moderate pain relief. there is evidence to suggest that other antidepressants may be effective but numbers of participants are insufficient to calculate robust nnts. ssris are generally better tolerated by patients and more high quality studies are required.
 there is significant evidence to suggest that topical application of chlorhexidine to umbilical cord reduces neonatal mortality and omphalitis in community and primary care settings in developing countries. it may increase cord separation time however there is no evidence that it increases risk of subsequent morbidity or infection. there is insufficient evidence to support the application of an antiseptic to umbilical cord in hospital settings compared with dry cord care in developed countries.
 from this review we conclude that when diabetes duration is over one year the overall effect of self-monitoring of blood glucose on glycaemic control in patients with type 2 diabetes who are not using insulin is small up to six months after initiation and subsides after 12 months. furthermore based on a best-evidence synthesis there is no evidence that smbg affects patient satisfaction general well-being or general health-related quality of life. more research is needed to explore the psychological impact of smbg and its impact on diabetes specific quality of life and well-being as well as the impact of smbg on hypoglycaemia and diabetic complications.
 the included trial was a small-scaled study and there were serious limitations in the design and methodology e.g. allocation concealment was unclear blinding of outcome assessor(s was not ensured few quantitative outcome measures were used and the results were not reported as planned). therefore the current evidence supporting the efficacy of epg is not strong and there remains a need for high-quality randomised controlled trials to be undertaken in this area.
 over a short follow-up period the use of benzodiazepines may reduce the symptoms of antipsychotic-induced acute akathisia. this review highlights the need for well designed conducted and reported clinical trials to address the claims of open studies.
 there is insufficient evidence from randomised trials to establish the best strategies for enhancing mobility after hip fracture surgery.
 we found no evidence of a difference in time to discharge from hospital assessed by clinical criteria in patients who received anxiolytic premedication. however in view of the age and variety of anaesthetic techniques used and clinical heterogeneity between studies inferences for current day case practice should be made with caution.
 behavioural interventions for young women which aim to promote sexual behaviours protective of sti transmission can be effective primarily at encouraging condom use. future evaluations should include a greater focus on hpv and its link to cervical cancer with long-term follow-up to assess impact on behaviour change rates of hpv infection and progression to cervical cancer. studies should use an rct design where possible with integral process evaluation and cost-effectiveness analysis where appropriate. given the predominance of usa studies in this systematic review evaluations conducted in other countries would be particularly useful.
 no clear benefit was shown for open healing over surgical closure. a clear benefit was shown in favour of off-midline rather than midline wound closure. when closure of pilonidal sinuses is the desired surgical option off-midline closure should be the standard management.
 the results suggest cell salvage is efficacious in reducing the need for allogeneic red cell transfusion in adult elective cardiac and orthopaedic surgery. the use of cell salvage did not appear to impact adversely on clinical outcomes. however the methodological quality of trials was poor. as the trials were unblinded and lacked adequate concealment of treatment allocation transfusion practices may have been influenced by knowledge of the patients treatment status potentially biasing the results in favour of cell salvage.
 antenatal digital perineal massage reduces the likelihood of perineal trauma mainly episiotomies and the reporting of ongoing perineal pain and is generally well accepted by women. as such women should be made aware of the likely benefit of perineal massage and provided with information on how to massage.
 a comparison of the effects of human and animal insulin as well as of the adverse reaction profile did not show clinically relevant differences. many patient-oriented outcomes like health-related quality of life or diabetes complications and mortality were never investigated in high-quality randomised clinical trials. the story of the introduction of human insulin might be repeated by contemporary launching campaigns to introduce pharmaceutical and technological innovations that are not backed up by sufficient proof of their advantages and safety.
 there is some evidence that a vein cuff at the distal anastomosis site improves primary graft patency rates for below knee ptfe graft but this does not reduce the risk of limb loss. evidence for this beneficial effect of vein cuffed ptfe grafts is weak and based on an underpowered trial. pre-cuffed ptfe grafts have comparable patency and limb salvage rates to vein cuff ptfe grafts. the use of spliced veins improved secondary patency but this did not translate into improved limb salvage. the use of an avf alone showed no added benefits. a large study with a specific focus on below knee vein cuff prosthetic grafts including ptfe is required.
 the available data do not provide evidence of any beneficial effect of transpyloric feeding for preterm infants. some evidence of harm exists including a higher risk of gastrointestinal disturbance and mortality but these findings should be interpreted and applied cautiously because of methodological weaknesses in the included trials.
 evidence from two rcts suggests no significant benefits or harms of peritoneal drainage over laparotomy. however due to the very small sample size clinically significant differences may have easily been missed. no firm recommendations can be made for clinicians. large multicentre randomised controlled trials are needed to address this question definitively.
 doses of fp in the range 100-1000 mcg/day are effective. in most patients with mild-moderate asthma improvements with low dose fp are only a little less than those associated with high doses when compared with placebo. high dose fp appears to have worthwhile oral-corticosteroid reducing properties. fp use is accompanied by an increased likelihood of oropharyngeal side effects.
 there is insufficient evidence to recommend steroids for symptom control in infectious mononucleosis. there is a lack of research on the side effects including potential adverse effects or long-term complications.
 there was not enough evidence to judge whether or not the included drugs cured bedwetting when used alone. there was limited evidence to suggest that desmopressin imipramine and enuresis alarms therapy were better than the included drugs to which they were compared. in other reviews desmopressin tricyclics and alarm interventions have been shown to be effective during treatment. there was also evidence to suggest that combination therapy with anticholinergic therapy increased the efficacy of other established therapies such as imipramine desmopressin and enuresis alarms by reducing the relapse rates by about 20 although it was not possible to identify the characteristics of children who would benefit from combination therapy. future studies should evaluate the role of combination therapy against established treatments in rigorous and adequately powered trials.
 there is inadequate evidence to draw strong conclusions on the efficacy or safety of the drug interventions included in this review. there is some low quality evidence from a meta-analysis of two studies investigating urokinase various strengths and some very low evidence from two single studies investigating alteplase 2 mg/2 ml that suggest that these two drug interventions may be effective in treating withdrawal or total occlusion of cvc lumens caused by thrombosis. further high quality sufficiently powered research is still required to look at the efficacy and safety of urokinase alteplase and other chemical surgical and drug interventions for treating cvc lumen occlusion. research studies which exclusively include child participants are especially warranted.
 in patients with acute gallstone pancreatitis there is no evidence that early routine ercp significantly affects mortality and local or systemic complications of pancreatitis regardless of predicted severity. our results however provide support for current recommendations that early ercp should be considered in patients with co-existing cholangitis or biliary obstruction.
 most active recruitment strategies for breast cancer screening programs examined in this review were more effective than no intervention. combinations of effective interventions can have an important effect. some costly strategies as a home visit and a letter of invitation to multiple screening examinations plus educational material were not effective. further reviews comparing the effective interventions and studies that include cost-effectiveness women's satisfaction and equity issues are needed.
 the retinoids studied are not effective in causing regression of cin3 but may have some effect on cin2. the data on cin1 are inadequate. retinoids are not effective in preventing progression of cin of any grade. at the doses given for the duration of treatment studied the retinoids were reasonably well tolerated.
 since no rcts or ccts in which only the use of mtx differed between the treatment groups were identified no definitive conclusions can be made about the effects on antitumour efficacy toxicities and quality of life of the addition of mtx to treatment of children and young adults with primary high-grade osteosarcoma. the same is true for combinations of treatment including and not including mtx other than treatment with mtx versus treatment with cisplatin. only 1 rct comparing mtx with cisplatin treatment was available and therefore no definitive conclusions can be made about the effectiveness of these agents in children and young adults with primary high-grade osteosarcoma. furthermore this study was performed in a different treatment era. nowadays single agent treatment of osteosarcoma is considered inadequate. based on the currently available evidence we are not able to give recommendations for the use of mtx in clinical practice. more high quality research is needed.
 the one small randomised controlled trial demonstrated neither evidence of benefit or harm related to the replacement of estradiol and progesterone in preterm infants less than 30 weeks gestation. a properly powered randomised controlled trial is required to determine whether or not administration of estradiol or progesterone either alone or in combination and at varying doses confers any clinically significant benefits or poses any risk to the preterm infant.
 chemotherapy significantly improves survival in comparison to best supportive care. in addition combination chemotherapy improves survival compared to single-agent 5-fu. all patients should be tested for their her-2 status and trastuzumab should be added to a standard fluoropyrimidine/cisplatin regimen in patients with her-2 positive tumours. two and three-drug regimens including 5-fu cisplatin with or without an anthracycline as well as irinotecan or docetaxel-containing regimens are reasonable treatment options for her-2 negative patients.
 children with all treated with csf benefit from shorter hospitalisation and fewer infections. however there was no evidence of shortened duration of neutropenia nor fewer treatment delays. there was also no useful information about survival. the role of csf in the context of febrile neutropenia episodes is still uncertain. although current data show statistical benefit with csf use substantial heterogeneity between included trials does not allow this conclusion.
 the available rct evidence suggests that repeated treatment of non-ischaemic mo secondary to brvo with the anti-vegf agent ranibizumab may improve clinical and visual outcomes at six and 12 months. however the frequency of re-treatment has not yet been determined and the impact of prior or combined treatment with laser photocoagulation on the primary outcome is unclear. results from ongoing studies should assess not only treatment efficacy but also the number of injections needed for maintenance and long-term safety and the effect of any prior treatment.
 oral corticosteroids at prednisolone-equivalent dose of 1 to 2 mg/kg alternate days appear to slow progression of lung disease in cf benefit should be weighed against occurrence of adverse events. risk-benefit analysis of low-dose alternate days corticosteroids is important and the short-term use of oral corticosteroids should be better evaluated.
 three updates of this review have resulted in more included studies and more people randomised but still relatively little useful additional data. the results remain inconclusive. the new trials all compare the omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in particular eicosapentaenoic acid and its ester ethyl-eicosapentaenoic acid. the use of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids for schizophrenia still remains experimental and this review highlights the need for large well designed conducted and reported studies.
 there is a lack of studies evaluating the role of aromatherapy for pain management in labour. further research is needed before recommendations can be made for clinical practice.
 the limited available evidence suggests folate may have a potential role as a supplement to other treatment for depression. it is currently unclear if this is the case both for people with normal folate levels and for those with folate deficiency.
 based on two small trials there was no significant difference in pain relief in women receiving oral analgesics compared with placebo or no treatment 129 women md 3.51 95 ci 10.03 to 3.01). we consider this evidence to be of a low to moderate quality. in routine clinical practice intracervical injection of local anaesthetic with a vasoconstrictor lignocaine plus adrenaline or prilocaine plus felypressin appears to be the optimum analgesia for treatment. however further high-quality adequately powered trials should be undertaken in order to provide the data necessary to estimate the efficacy of oral analgesics the optimal route of administration and dose of local anaesthetics.
 some outcomes may be amenable to psychosocial treatments however there is insufficient evidence to recommend practice changes. further research on interventions described in this review is required including attention to timing duration setting and administering discipline(s as well as treatment across care settings. to facilitate future evaluations a core outcome set including patient-reported outcomes such as quality of life and compliance should be established for hip fracture trials.
 available evidence suggests that interventions to increase use of booster seats among children age four to eight years are effective. combining incentives booster seat discount coupons or gift certificates or distribution of free booster seats with education demonstrated marked beneficial outcomes for acquisition and use of booster seats for four to eight year olds. there is some evidence of beneficial effect of legislation on acquisition and use of booster seats but this was mainly from uncontrolled before-and-after studies which did not meet the criteria for inclusion in the meta-analysis.
 preliminary studies suggest benefit from blood alkalinisation with nahco3 in op poisoning but there is insufficient evidence to support its routine clinical use. further research is required to determine the method of alkalinisation that will optimise outcomes and the regimen which will produce the target arterial ph of 7.50 range 7.45 to 7.55). this should be followed by a well-designed randomised controlled trial to determine efficacy.
 there are too few data available to make definitive recommendations. more intensive forms of advance directive appear to show promise but currently practice must be guided by evidence other than that derived from randomised trials. more trials are indicated to determine whether higher intensity interventions such as joint crisis planning have an effect on outcomes of clinical relevance.
 this review demonstrates a significant decrease in the incidence of symptomatic pda following treatment of an asymptomatic pda with indomethacin. there is also a small but statistically significant decrease in the duration of requirement for supplemental oxygen. there are no reported long term outcomes in the included trials and so it is not possible to comment on possible long term effects. further studies are required to determine the long term benefits or harms of closing a pda prior to the onset of symptoms.
 long acting inhaled beta-agonists have advantages across a wide range of physiological and clinical outcomes for regular treatment.
 studies were generally small and very few studies were done in developing countries. there was a lack of studies truly looking at the effect of home based care itself or looking at significant end points death and progression to aids). however the range of interventions and hbc models evaluated can assist in making evidence-based decisions about hiv care and support.
 risperidone can be beneficial in some features of autism. however there are limited data available from studies with small sample sizes. in addition there lacks a single standardised outcome measure allowing adequate comparison of studies and long-term followup is also lacking. further research is necessary to determine the efficacy pf risperidone in clinical practice.
 we found no conclusive evidence to determine whether ids between cycles of chemotherapy would improve or decrease the survival rates of women with advanced ovarian cancer compared with conventional treatment of primary surgery followed by adjuvant chemotherapy. ids appeared to yield benefit only in women whose primary surgery was not performed by gynaecologic oncologists or was less extensive. data on qol and adverse events were inconclusive.
 in contrast to the previous version of this review our results suggest that therapeutic ultrasound may be beneficial for patients with osteoarthritis of the knee. because of the low quality of the evidence we are uncertain about the magnitude of the effects on pain relief and function however. therapeutic ultrasound is widely used for its potential benefits on both knee pain and function which may be clinically relevant. appropriately designed trials of adequate power are therefore warranted.
 the results of this review give some support to ciclesonide as an equivalent therapy to other ics at similar nominal doses. the studies assessed low doses of steroids in patients whose asthma required treatment with low doses of steroids. at half the dose of fp and bdp/bud the effects of ciclesonide were more inconsistent the effect on candidiasis may be of importance to people who find this to be problematic. the role of ciclesonide in the management of asthma requires further study especially in paediatric patients. further assessment against fp at a dose ratio of 1:2 is a priority.
 for most red flags there is insufficient evidence to provide recommendations regarding their diagnostic accuracy or usefulness for detecting spinal malignancy. the available evidence indicates that in patients with lbp an indication of spinal malignancy should not be based on the results of one single red flag question. further research to evaluate the performance of different combinations of tests is recommended.
 there is evidence that tranexamic acid reduces blood transfusion in patients undergoing emergency or urgent surgery. there is a need for a large pragmatic clinical trial to assess the effects of routine use of tranexamic acid on mortality in a heterogeneous group of patients receiving urgent and emergency surgery.
 there is no evidence that community-based screening of asymptomatic older people results in improvements in vision.
 community-based interventions and antenatal contraceptive counselling improved uptake of copper iud contraception. since the copper iud is one of the most effective reversible contraceptive methods primary care and family planning and practitioners could consider adopting these interventions. although our review suggests these interventions are clinically effective a cost-benefit analysis may be required to evaluate applicability.
 intensive reminders and implementation intention interventions appear promising in enhancing adherence to antiepileptic mediations however we need more reliable evidence on their efficacy from carefully designed randomised controlled trials before a firm conclusion can be reached.
 telephone voice interventions may have a role in improving medication adherence reducing risky sexual behaviour and reducing depressive and psychiatric symptoms but current evidence is sparse and further research is needed.
 treating simple corneal abrasions with a patch does not improve healing rates on the first day post-injury and does not reduce pain. in addition use of patches results in a loss of binocular vision. therefore it is recommended that patches should not be used for simple corneal abrasions. further research should focus on large greater than 10 mm2 abrasions.
 no significant differences were found between triflusal and aspirin for secondary prevention of serious vascular events in patients with stroke or tia and ami. however our review cannot exclude moderate differences in efficacy. triflusal was associated with a lower risk of hemorrhagic complications.
 in order to eliminate potential selection bias more rcts need to be conducted in this area so that effectiveness as well as efficacy can be ascertained. the interlock programme appears to be effective while the device is installed in the vehicle of the offender. studies need to address ways of improving recidivism rates in the long term as the major challenges are participation rates compliance and durability.
 one study suggested that topical ketanserin is more effective than clioquinol cream or zinc paste. topical phenytoin two studies may be more effective than saline dressing regarding ulcer healing. for the other dressings the results were equivocal. canvas shoes were a little better than pvc-boots but not significantly and the effect of double rocker shoes compared to below-knee plasters was no different in promoting the healing of ulcers. no side effects were documented. there is a lack of high quality research in the field of ulcer prevention and treatment in leprosy. new trials should follow the current standards for design and reporting of randomised controlled trials.
 there is no evidence to suggest that spinal manipulation is effective in the treatment of dysmenorrhoea. in the one trial reporting on adverse effects there was no greater risk of such events with spinal compared with sham manipulation.
 a single injection of btb was effective and safe for treating cervical dystonia. long-term uncontrolled studies suggested that further injection cycles continue to work for most patients. future research should explore technical factors such as the optimum treatment intervals and use of image or electromyographic guidance for administration. other issues include service delivery quality of life long-term efficacy and safety and the relative indications for bta btb and other treatments such as deep brain stimulation
 prior to the current update it appeared there was some evidence that cranberry juice may decrease the number of symptomatic utis over a 12 month period particularly for women with recurrent utis. the addition of 14 further studies suggests that cranberry juice is less effective than previously indicated. although some of small studies demonstrated a small benefit for women with recurrent utis there were no statistically significant differences when the results of a much larger study were included. cranberry products were not significantly different to antibiotics for preventing utis in three small studies. given the large number of dropouts/withdrawals from studies mainly attributed to the acceptability of consuming cranberry products particularly juice over long periods and the evidence that the benefit for preventing uti is small cranberry juice cannot currently be recommended for the prevention of utis. other preparations such as powders need to be quantified using standardised methods to ensure the potency and contain enough of the active ingredient before being evaluated in clinical studies or recommended for use.
 we found low-level evidence for the use of teriflunomide as a disease-modifying therapy for ms due to the limited quality of the available rcts. we did not conduct meta-analysis because of the clinical and methodological diversity of the included studies. short-term teriflunomide 7 or 14 mg alone or with add-on ifn- was safe for patients with relapsing ms. both teriflunomide 7 and 14 mg alone had potential benefits for patients with relapsing forms of ms. we are waiting for the publication of ongoing trials. rcts with high methodological quality and longer periods of observation are needed to assess safety disability progression neuroprotection and quality of life.
 continuous monitoring of physiological variables for the first two to three days may improve outcomes and prevent complications. attention to the changes in physiological variables is a key feature of a stroke unit and can most likely be aided by continuous monitoring without complications related to immobility or to treatments triggered by the relief of abnormal physiological variables. well-designed high-quality studies are needed because many questions remain open and deserve further research. these include when to start continuous monitoring when to interrupt it which people should be given priority and which treatments are most appropriate after the identification of abnormalities in physiological variables.
 varenicline and behavioural interventions may help st users to quit. behavioural interventions incorporating telephone counselling or an oral examination are likely to increase abstinence rates.
 dse may perform better than mps but additional studies directly comparing these cardiac screening tests are needed. absence of significant cad may not necessarily correlate with cardiac-event free survival following transplantation. further research should focus on assessing the ability of functional tests to predict postoperative outcome.
 the risk of stroke and death did not differ significantly between the two types of anaesthetic technique during carotid endarterectomy. this review provides evidence to support a policy that patients and surgeons can choose either anaesthetic technique depending on the clinical situation and their own preferences.
 this updated review shows that custom-made foot orthoses are significantly more beneficial than sham orthoses for treating foot pain associated with pes cavus in a variety of clinical populations. we also show that some secondary biomechanical outcomes improve with custom-made foot orthoses and footwear but not with botulinum toxin or off-the-shelf foot orthoses. there is an absence of evidence for any other type of intervention for the treatment or prevention of pes cavus.
 massage might be beneficial for patients with subacute and chronic non-specific low-back pain especially when combined with exercises and education. the evidence suggests that acupuncture massage is more effective than classic massage but this need confirmation. more studies are needed to confirm these conclusions to assess the impact of massage on return-to-work and to determine cost-effectiveness of massage as an intervention for low-back pain.
 there is weak evidence that the interventions fr-4 with lip-seal training and palatal crib associated with high-pull chincup are able to correct anterior open bite. given that the trials included have potential bias these results must be viewed with caution. recommendations for clinical practice cannot be made based only on the results of these trials. more randomised controlled trials are needed to elucidate the interventions for treating anterior open bite.
 the overall quality of evidence was moderate. half of these postpartum interventions led to fewer repeat pregnancies or births or more contraceptive use. however the evidence of intervention effectiveness was of low to moderate quality. trials with evidence of effectiveness included two that provided one or two sessions and three that had multiple contacts. the former had limitations such as self-reported outcomes and showing no effect for many comparisons. the interventions with multiple sessions were promising but would have to be adapted for other locations and then retested. researchers and health care providers will have to determine which intervention might be appropriate for their setting and level of resources.
 prophylactic systemic antibiotics in neonates with a central venous catheter reduces the rate of proven or suspected septicaemia. however this may not be clinically important in the face of no significant difference in overall mortality and the lack of data on long-term neurodevelopmental outcome. furthermore there is a lack of data pertaining to the potentially significant disadvantages of this approach such as the selection of resistant organisms. the routine use of prophylactic antibiotics in infants with central venous catheters in neonatal units cannot currently be recommended.
 in view of methodological deficiencies and limited number of individual studies we have found no reliable evidence to support the routine use of vitamins in patients with epilepsy. further trials are needed especially to assess the utility of vitamin d supplementation to prevent osteomalacia and the role of vitamin e on seizures and thiamine in improving cognitive functions.
 compared to no intervention or minimal interventions pamphlets usual care interactive computer-based interventions are an effective intervention for weight loss and weight maintenance. compared to in-person interventions interactive computer-based interventions result in smaller weight losses and lower levels of weight maintenance. the amount of additional weight loss however is relatively small and of brief duration making the clinical significance of these differences unclear.
 aldosterone antagonists contribute to reduction of proteinuria in patients with ckd who are already on acei and arb but increase the risk of hyperkalaemia. available studies are small and have short follow-up. long-term effects on renal outcomes mortality and safety are unknown.
 based on this analysis the most prudent prescription for water intake to premature infants would seem to be careful restriction of water intake so that physiological needs are met without allowing significant dehydration. this practice could be expected to decrease the risks of patent ductus arteriosus and necrotizing enterocolitis without significantly increasing the risk of adverse consequences.
 improvement in control of maternal blood pressure with use of beta-blockers would be worthwhile only if it were reflected in substantive benefits for mother and/or baby and none have been clearly demonstrated. the effect of beta-blockers on perinatal outcome is uncertain the worrying trend to an increase in sga infants is partly dependent on one small outlying trial. large randomised trials are needed to determine whether antihypertensive therapy in general rather than beta-blocker therapy specifically results in greater benefit than risk for treatment of mild-moderate pregnancy hypertension. if so then it would be appropriate to consider which antihypertensive is best and beta-blockers should be evaluated. note the seventeen reports in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the review once assessed.
 in patients with moderate to severe ulcerative colitis whose disease is refractory to conventional treatment using corticosteroids and/or immunosuppressive agents infliximab is effective in inducing clinical remission inducing clinical response promoting mucosal healing and reducing the need for colectomy at least in the short term. serious adverse events attributable to infliximab were not common in the included studies but physicians should be aware of and be prepared to deal with potential adverse events such as anaphylactic reactions and infections.
 no effect was shown for specific outcomes laboratory-proven influenza pneumonia and death from pneumonia. an effect was shown for the non-specific outcomes of ili gp consultations for ili and all-cause mortality in individuals  60. these non-specific outcomes are difficult to interpret because ili includes many pathogens and winter influenza contributes 10 to all-cause mortality in individuals  60. the key interest is preventing laboratory-proven influenza in individuals  60 pneumonia and deaths from pneumonia and we cannot draw such conclusions. the identified studies are at high risk of bias. some hcws remain unvaccinated because they do not perceive risk doubt vaccine efficacy and are concerned about side effects. this review did not find information on co-interventions with hcw vaccination hand washing face masks early detection of laboratory-proven influenza quarantine avoiding admissions anti-virals and asking hcws with ili not to work. we conclude there is no evidence that vaccinating hcws prevents influenza in elderly residents in ltcfs. high quality rcts are required to avoid risks of bias in methodology and conduct and to test these interventions in combination.
 the evidence from the limited number of studies suggests that psychological and educational interventions may result in increased abstinence from alcohol and a reduction in alcohol consumption among pregnant women. however results were not consistent and the paucity of studies the number of total participants the high risk of bias of some of the studies and the complexity of interventions limits our ability to determine the type of intervention which would be most effective in increasing abstinence from or reducing the consumption of alcohol among pregnant women.
 the findings of our work indicate that polyethylene glycol is better than lactulose in outcomes of stool frequency per week form of stool relief of abdominal pain and the need for additional products. on subgroup analysis this is seen in both adults and children except for relief of abdominal pain. polyethylene glycol should be used in preference to lactulose in the treatment of chronic constipation.
 available evidence nevertheless suggests that compared with standard care or no intervention behavioral interventions are effective in reducing hiv and the incidence of stis amongst female sex workers fsws). given the benefits of social cognitive theory and the promotion of condom use in reducing hiv/sti and the public health need to control transmission amongst fsws there is a clear finding in favour of behavioral interventions. however it should be recognized that there is a lack of information about most other outcomes and target populations and that all of the trials were conducted in low and middle-income countries.
 with its lower complication rate in comparison with intramedullary nails and absence of functional outcome data to the contrary the shs appears superior for trochanteric fractures. further studies are required to confirm whether more recently developed designs of intramedullary nail avoid the complications of previous nails. intramedullary nails may have advantages over fixed angle plates for subtrochanteric and some unstable trochanteric fractures but further studies are required.
 this review shows a beneficial effect of ews in time to recurrence percentage of people hospitalised and functioning in people with bipolar disorder. however the absence of data on the primary outcome measure in so many included studies is a source of concern and a potential source of bias. mental health services should consider routinely providing ews interventions to adults with bipolar disorder as they appear to reduce hospitalisation and therefore may be cost-effective.
 this review suggests that the use of fluoride supplements is associated with a reduction in caries increment when compared with no fluoride supplement in permanent teeth. the effect of fluoride supplements was unclear on deciduous teeth. when compared with the administration of topical fluorides no differential effect was observed. we rated 10 trials as being at unclear risk of bias and one at high risk of bias and therefore the trials provide weak evidence about the efficacy of fluoride supplements.
 generally fluoroquinolones performed well in treating typhoid and maybe superior to alternatives in some settings. however we were unable to draw firm general conclusions on comparative contemporary effectiveness given that resistance changes over time and many studies were small. policy makers and clinicians need to consider local resistance patterns in choosing a fluoroquinolone or alternative. there is some evidence that the newest fluoroquinolone gatifloxacin remains effective in some regions where resistance to older fluoroquinolones has developed. however the different fluoroquinolones have not been compared directly in trials in these settings.
 in asthmatic subjects with gastro-oesophageal reflux but who were not recruited specifically on the basis of reflux-associated respiratory symptoms there was no overall improvement in asthma following treatment for gastro-oesophageal reflux. subgroups of patients may gain benefit but it appears difficult to predict responders.
 dopamine is more effective than dobutamine in the short term treatment of systemic hypotension in preterm infants. there was no evidence of an effect on the incidence of adverse neuroradiological sequelae severe periventricular haemorrhage and/or periventricular leucomalacia or on the incidence of tachycardia. however in the absence of data confirming long term benefit and safety of dopamine compared to dobutamine no firm recommendations can be made regarding the choice of drug to treat hypotension.
 primaquine 15 mg/day for 14 days plus chloroquine is more effective than chloroquine alone or primaquine 15 mg/day for 5 days plus chloroquine in preventing relapses of vivax malaria. primaquine five days plus chloroquine appears no better than chloroquine. countries should follow the who's recommendation for 14-day primaquine plus chloroquine regimen. alternative regimens need to be evaluated in randomized controlled trials which should also consider variations in regional p. vivax strains and the possibility of primaquine resistance reinfection and adherence in those who relapse.
 omega-3 fatty acids appear to have little haematological benefit in people with intermittent claudication and there is no evidence of consistently improved clinical outcomes quality of life walking distance ankle brachial pressure index or angiographic findings). supplementation may also cause adverse effects such as nausea diarrhoea and flatulence. further research is needed to evaluate fully short and long-term effects of omega-3 fatty acids on the most clinically relevant outcomes in people with intermittent claudication before they can be recommended for routine use.
 more women experienced pain relief and fewer had additional pain relief with paracetamol compared with placebo although potential adverse effects were not assessed and generally the quality of studies was unclear.
 despite methodological limitations of the evaluation studies reviewed the consistency of reported reductions in fall-related injuries across all programmes support the preliminary claim that the population-based approach to the prevention of fall-related injury is effective and can form the basis of public health practice. randomised multiple community trials of population-based interventions are indicated to increase the level of evidence in support of the population-based approach. research is also required to elucidate the barriers and facilitators in population-based interventions that influence the extent to which population programmes are effective.
 there is insufficient evidence either for or against the use of stabilisation splint therapy for the treatment of temporomandibular pain dysfunction syndrome. this review suggests the need for further well conducted rcts that pay attention to method of allocation outcome assessment large sample size and enough duration of follow up. a standardisation of the outcomes of the treatment of pds should be established in the rcts.
 the currently available evidence suggests a pfs benefit for patients with relapsed or refractory hl after first-line therapy who are treated with hdct followed by asct compared to patients treated with conventional chemotherapy. in addition data showes a positive trend regarding os but more trials are needed to detect a significant effect. intensifying the hdct regime before hdct followed by asct did not show a difference as compared to hdct followed by asct but was associated with increased adverse events.
 there were insufficient data to establish whether oral epa was better than placebo. comparisons of epa combined with a protein energy supplementation versus a protein energy supplementation without epa in the presence of an appetite stimulant megestrol acetate provided no evidence that epa improves symptoms associated with the cachexia syndrome often seen in patients with advanced cancer.
 whether icsi should be preferred to ivf for cases of non-male factor subfertility remains an open question. further research should report live birth rates and adverse events.
 interventions to enhance communication involving children and adolescents with cancer have not been widely or rigorously assessed. the weak evidence that exists suggests that some children and adolescents with cancer may derive some benefit from specific information-giving programs from support before and during particular procedures and from interventions that aim to facilitate their reintegration into school and social activities. more research is needed to investigate the effects of these and other related interventions.
 laparoscopic resection of carcinoma of the colon is associated with a long term outcome no different from that of open colectomy. further studies are required to determine whether the incidence of incisional hernias and adhesions is affected by method of approach. laparoscopic surgery for cancer of the upper rectum is feasible but more randomised trials need to be conducted to assess long term outcome.
 the overall analysis shows a benefit in pulmonary outcomes in the group electively ventilated with hfjv. of concern is the significant increase in acute brain injury in one trial which used lower mean airway pressures when ventilating with hfjv. there are as yet no long term pulmonary or neurodevelopmental outcomes from any of the trials.
 acupuncture appeared to be safe but without clear evidence of benefit. the number of patients is too small to be certain whether acupuncture is effective for treatment of acute ischaemic or haemorrhagic stroke. larger methodologically-sound trials are required.
 there is no certain study regarding appropriate use dose and length of therapy for acute gvhd. further studies are needed to define the appropriate use of steroids and whether other agents are appropriate as frontline therapy.
 hs reduces the volume of intravenous fluid required to maintain patients undergoing surgery but transiently increases serum sodium. it is not known if hs effects patient survival and morbidity but it should be tested in randomized clinical trials that are designed and powered to test these outcomes.
 surgical treatment of carpal tunnel syndrome relieves symptoms significantly better than splinting. further research is needed to discover whether this conclusion applies to people with mild symptoms and whether surgical treatment is better than steroid injection.
 there is no consistent evidence from the limited number of studies that serms reduce the size of fibroids or improve clinical outcomes. further studies are required to establish evidence of benefit of serms in treating women with uterine fibroids. this updated review did not find any new study for inclusion.
 the evidence suggests that artemisinin drugs are no worse than quinine in preventing death in severe or complicated malaria. no artemisinin derivative appears to be better than the others. this review summarizes trials up to 1999. for the reasons in the what's new section this review will no longer be updated.
 medication treatments can be effective in paediatric anxiety disorders acting to reduce core symptoms and should be considered as part of the treatment of these disorders. the greatest number of trials showing efficacy to date have assessed the ssris in treating paediatric ocd. there is no clear evidence to show that any particular class of medication is more effective or better tolerated than any other. as quantitative data was only available for the ssris and venlafaxine the routine use of benzodiazepines cannot be recommended especially given concerns of dependency and treatment related emergent adverse events associated with this class of drugs. future rcts could help identify potential clinical moderators of treatment efficacy. studies of the long-term efficacy of medication treatment optimal dosage as well as direct comparisons of pharmacotherapy and psychotherapy are also warranted.
 methenamine hippurate may be effective for preventing uti in patients without renal tract abnormalities particularly when used for short-term prophylaxis. it does not appear to work in patients with neuropathic bladder or in patients who have renal tract abnormalities. the rate of adverse events was low but poorly described. there is a need for further large well-conducted rcts to clarify this question particularly for longer term use for people without neuropathic bladder.
 there is insufficient evidence to assess the effectiveness of interventions for domestic violence on pregnancy outcomes. there is a need for high-quality rcts with adequate statistical power to determine whether intervention programs prevent or reduce domestic violence episodes during pregnancy or have any effect on maternal and neonatal mortality and morbidity outcomes.
 there is some evidence to suggest that ibuprofen dressings may offer pain relief to people with painful venous leg ulcers. emla 5 appears to provide effective pain relief during the debridement of venous leg ulcers. further research should consider standardised pain assessment methods and assess both the effect on ulcer healing and the impact of long term use of these treatments.
 there was a lower incidence of hit and hit complicated by vte in postoperative patients undergoing thromboprophylaxis with lmwh compared with ufh. this is consistent with the current clinical use of lmwh over ufh as front-line heparin therapy. however conclusions are limited by a scarcity of high quality evidence. we did not expect the paucity of rcts including hit as an outcome as heparin is one of the most commonly used drugs worldwide and hit is a life-threatening adverse drug reaction. to address the scarcity of clinically-relevant information on the topic of hit as a whole hit should be included as an outcome in future rcts of heparin and hit as an adverse drug reaction should be considered in clinical recommendations regarding monitoring of the platelet count for hit.
 oral or intravenous furosemide cannot be recommended as treatment for transient tachypnoea of the newborn and it should not be used unless additional data become available. this finding suggests that either furosemide is not effective in promoting resorption of lung fluid or factors other than delayed resorption of this fluid contribute to the pathogenesis of transient tachypnoea of the newborn. the question remains as to whether furosemide given to the infant or even to the mother before caesarean section might shorten the duration of the illness. as elective caesarean section continues at a high level these two interventions might be worthy of trials.
 new studies should focus on patient-oriented outcomes to clarify the benefit-risk ratio of rosiglitazone therapy. safety data and adverse events of all investigations published and unpublished should be made available to the public.
 there is some evidence for use of botulinum toxin injections to salivary glands for the treatment of sialorrhea in mnd. further research is required on this important symptom. data are needed on the problem of sialorrhea in mnd and its measurement both by patient self report measures and objective tests. these will allow the development of better randomized controlled trials.
 poor methodological quality small sample sizes and the limited data available resulted in low precision of the statistical results and limited value of the overall results.the overall results show that there is no evidence for an effect of vasodilator drugs on primary raynaud's phenomenon.
 the results clearly demonstrate the superiority of antipsychotic drugs compared to placebo in preventing relapse. this effect must be weighed against the side effects of antipsychotic drugs. future studies should focus on outcomes of social participation and clarify the long-term morbidity and mortality associated with these drugs.
 this review was unable to demonstrate any advantage of ccpt over other airway clearance techniques in terms of respiratory function but this may have reflected insufficient evidence rather than real equivalence between methods. there was a trend for participants to prefer self-administered airway clearance techniques. limitations of this review included a paucity of well-designed adequately-powered long-term trials.
 interventions to improve water quality are generally effective in preventing diarrhoea and interventions to improve water quality at the household level are more effective than those at the source. significant heterogeneity among the trials suggests that the actual level of effectiveness may depend on a variety of conditions that research to date cannot fully explain. rigorous blinded multi-arm randomized controlled trials conducted over a longer duration in a variety if settings may help clarify the potential effectiveness.
 there is no evidence from good quality randomized trials or non-randomized studies of the effectiveness of lens extraction for chronic primary angle-closure glaucoma.
 quetiapine may not differ from typical antipsychotics in the treatment of positive symptoms and general psychopathology. there are no clear differences in terms of the treatment of negative symptoms. however it causes fewer adverse effects in terms of abnormal ecg extrapyramidal effects abnormal prolactin levels and weight gain.
 intraventricular fibrinolytic therapy with streptokinase given when post-hemorrhagic ventricular dilatation is established cannot be recommended for neonates following ivh. a conservative approach with csf drainage applied only to symptomatic raised intracranial pressure seems appropriate.
 based on the findings of three small rcts of moderate to severely poisoned patients glucocorticoid with cyclophosphamide in addition to standard care may be a beneficial treatment for patients with paraquat-induced lung fibrosis. to enable further study of the effects of glucocorticoid with cyclophosphamide for patients with moderate to severe paraquat poisoning hospitals may provide this treatment as part of an rct with allocation concealment.
 limited data from small studies using neuroleptic reduction or specific neuroleptic drugs as treatments for td did not provide any convincing evidence of the value of these approaches. there is a need for larger trials of a longer duration in order to fully investigate this area.
 data are inconclusive and provide no evidence for or against cognitive rehabilitation as a treatment for schizophrenia.
 there is not enough evidence to reliably assess the possible role of homeopathy in asthma. as well as randomised trials there is a need for observational data to document the different methods of homeopathic prescribing and how patients respond. this will help to establish to what extent people respond to a package of care rather than the homeopathic intervention alone.
 the results suggest that iodised salt is an effective means of improving iodine status. no conclusions can be made about improvements in other more patient-oriented outcomes such as physical and mental development in children and mortality. none of the studies specifically investigated development of iodine-induced hyperthyroidism which can be easily overlooked if just assessed on the basis of symptoms. high quality controlled studies investigating relevant long term outcome measures are needed to address questions of dosage and best means of iodine supplementation in different population groups and settings.
 the authors found three randomised controlled trials albeit of moderate to poor quality that suggest a short-term benefit of oral steroids in patients with multiple nasal polyps. to address the issue more thoroughly well-designed prospective randomised controlled trials are still needed.
 the evidence derived from these limited studies suggests that 2000 mcg doses of oral vitamin b12 daily and 1000 mcg doses initially daily and thereafter weekly and then monthly may be as effective as intramuscular administration in obtaining short term haematological and neurological responses in vitamin b12 deficient patients.
 naltrexone appears to be an effective and safe strategy in alcoholism treatment. even though the sizes of treatment effects might appear moderate in their magnitudes these should be valued against the background of the relapsing nature of alcoholism and the limited therapeutic options currently available for its treatment.
 there are no data from placebo controlled trials regarding the efficacy of naftopidil in men with symptomatic bph. limited information suggests that treatment with naftopidil provides short-term improvement in urinary symptom-scale scores total ipss/aua qol quality of life score and urinary symptoms from baseline comparable to low-dose tamsulosin. adverse effects due to naftopidil were few and usually mild.
 although acute bacterial conjunctivitis is frequently self limiting the findings from this updated systematic review suggest that the use of antibiotic eye drops is associated with modestly improved rates of clinical and microbiological remission in comparison to the use of placebo. use of antibiotic eye drops should therefore be considered in order to speed the resolution of symptoms and infection.
 this review provides evidence that prt is an effective intervention for improving physical functioning in older people including improving strength and the performance of some simple and complex activities. however some caution is needed with transferring these exercises for use with clinical populations because adverse events are not adequately reported.
 there is no reliable evidence from randomised controlled trials to support the effectiveness of haemostatic drugs in reducing mortality or disability in patients with tbi. new randomised controlled trials assessing the effects of haemostatic drugs in tbi patients should be conducted. these trials should be large enough to detect clinically plausible treatment effects.
 steam inhalation has not shown any consistent benefits in the treatment of the common cold hence is not recommended in the routine treatment of common cold symptoms until more double-blind randomised trials with a standardised treatment modality are conducted.
 disconnect systems should be the preferred exchange systems in capd.
 in children over the age of two years with acute asthma exacerbations inhaled anticholinergics as single agent bronchodilators were less efficacious than beta2-agonists. inhaled anticholinergics were also less efficacious than inhaled anticholinergics combined with beta2-agonists. inhaled anticholinergic drugs alone are not appropriate for use as a single agent in children with acute asthma exacerbations.
 oral protein calorie supplements are widely used to improve the nutritional status of children with a number of chronic diseases. we identified a small number of studies assessing these products in children with cystic fibrosis but were unable to draw any conclusions based on the limited data extracted. we recommend a series of large randomised controlled trials be undertaken investigating the use of these products in children with different chronic diseases. until further data are available we suggest these products are used with caution.
 there was no evidence available from randomised controlled trials to assess the effectiveness of hypnosis during pregnancy childbirth and the postnatal period for preventing postnatal depression. evidence from randomised controlled trials is needed to evaluate the use and effects of hypnosis during the perinatal period to prevent postnatal depression. two trials are currently underway which may provide further information in the future.
 this systematic review has not found sufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of hbot for the management of thermal burns. evidence from the two randomised controlled trials is insufficient to provide clear guidelines for practice. further research is needed to better define the role of hbot in the treatment of thermal burns.
 the four trials describing four different comparisons with a short follow up 1 to 3 cycles were too small to either prove or discard the value of pulsatile gnrh treatment in patients with polycystic ovary syndrome.
 although antibiotic treatment is effective for the cure of urinary tract infections there are insufficient data to recommend any specific drug regimen for treatment of symptomatic urinary tract infections during pregnancy. all the antibiotics studied were shown to be very effective in decreasing the incidence of the different outcomes. complications were very rare. all included trials had very small sample sizes to reliably detect important differences between treatments. future studies should evaluate the most promising antibiotics in terms of class timing dose acceptability maternal and neonatal outcomes and costs.
 no results are conclusive and all are based on small short studies. it would be understandable however if clinicians were cautious in prescribing doses in excess of 7.5 mg/day of haloperidol to a person with uncomplicated acute schizophrenia and if people with schizophrenia were equally reticent to take greater doses. further research is needed regarding the efficacy and tolerability of the 1.5-3.0 mg/day dose range.
 there is some evidence that adding on services or linkages may improve the utilisation and outputs of healthcare delivery. however there is no evidence to date that a fuller form of integration improves healthcare delivery or health status. available evidence suggests that full integration probably decreases the knowledge and utilisation of specific services and may not result in any improvements in health status. more rigorous studies of different strategies to promote integration over a wider range of services and settings are needed. these studies should include economic evaluation and the views of clients as clients views will influence the uptake of integration strategies at the point of delivery and the effectiveness on community health of these strategies.
 limited evidence suggests that the method of antibiotic administration oral versus parenteral does not affect the rate of disease remission if the bacteria are sensitive to the antibiotic used. however this and the lack of statistically significant differences in adverse effects need confirmation. no or insufficient evidence exists for other aspects of antibiotic therapy for chronic osteomyelitis.
 the evidence suggests that a discharge plan tailored to the individual patient probably brings about reductions in hospital length of stay and readmission rates for older people admitted to hospital with a medical condition. the impact of discharge planning on mortality health outcomes and cost remains uncertain.
 intensive interventions unsuited to primary care or population prevention programmes provide only minimal reductions in blood pressure during long-term trials. further evaluations to assess effects on morbidity and mortality outcomes are needed for populations as a whole and for patients with elevated blood pressure. a low sodium diet may help in maintenance of lower blood pressure following withdrawal of antihypertensives. if this is confirmed with no increase in cardiovascular events then targeting of comprehensive dietary and behavioural programmes in patients with elevated blood pressure requiring drug treatment would be justified.
 the trials offer little useful data to the clinician hoping to treat psychosis-related polydipsia with drugs except that further evaluative studies need to be conducted in this area. treatment of any sort for psychosis related polydipsia might only be informative within a well designed conducted and reported randomised study. the two pioneering studies suggest that larger trials though difficult would not be impossible with adequate support and co-ordination.
 the administration of gnrh agonists for a period of three to six months prior to ivf or icsi in women with endometriosis increases the odds of clinical pregnancy by fourfold. data regarding adverse effects of this therapy on the mother or fetus are not available at present.
 infliximab 5 mg/kg or 10 mg/kg given every 8 weeks is effective for the maintenance of remission and maintenance of fistula healing in patients who have responded to infliximab induction therapy. adalimumab 40 mg weekly or every other week is effective for the maintenance of remission in patients who have responded to adalimumab induction therapy. certolizumab pegol 400 mg every 4 weeks is effective for the maintenance of remission in patients who have responded to certolizumab induction therapy. no comparative trials have evaluated the relative efficacy of these agents. adverse events are similar in the infliximab adalimumab and certolizumab groups compared with placebo but study size and duration generally are insufficient to allow an adequate assessment of serious adverse events associated with long-term use.
 intracervical prostaglandins are effective compared to placebo but appear inferior when compared to intravaginal prostaglandins.
 most chinese medical herbs in the included studies showed similar effects to antiviral drugs in preventing or treating influenza. few were shown to be superior to antiviral drugs. no obvious adverse events were reported in the included studies. however current evidence remains weak due to methodological limitations of the trials. more high-quality rcts with larger numbers of participants and clear reporting are needed.
 the studies included in this review do not allow firm conclusions as to the question of whether the quality of life of people after anterior resection is superior to that of people after abdominoperineal excision/hartmann's operation. the included studies challenges the assumption that anterior resection patients fare better.larger better designed and executed prospective studies are needed to answer this question.
 there is insufficient evidence to claim or refute a benefit for any antifungal agent in treating candidiasis. further well designed placebo-controlled trials assessing the effectiveness of old and new interventions for treating oral candidiasis are needed. clinicians need to make a decision on whether to prevent or treat oral candidiasis in patients receiving treatment for cancer.
 carbamazepine is effective in chronic neuropathic pain with caveats. no trial was longer than four weeks of good reporting quality using outcomes equivalent to at least moderate clinical benefit. in these circumstances caution is needed in interpretation and meaningful comparison with other interventions is not possible.
 calcium antagonists reduce the risk of poor outcome and secondary ischaemia after aneurysmal sah. the results for poor outcome depend largely on a single large trial of oral nimodipine the evidence for other calcium antagonists is inconclusive. the evidence for nimodipine is not beyond all doubt but given the potential benefits and modest risks of this treatment oral nimodipine is currently indicated in patients with aneurysmal sah. intravenous administration of calcium antagonists cannot be recommended for routine practice on the basis of the present evidence. magnesium sulphate is a promising agent but more evidence is needed before definite conclusions can be drawn.
 to date there is no evidence of effective treatment in preventing malignant transformation of leukoplakia. treatments may be effective in the resolution of lesion however relapses and adverse effects are common.
 collaborative care is associated with significant improvement in depression and anxiety outcomes compared with usual care and represents a useful addition to clinical pathways for adult patients with depression and anxiety.
 this review of randomised controlled trials showed that vigabatrin can reduce seizure frequency in people with drug-resistant partial epilepsy. short-term follow-up of patients showed that some side effects were associated with its use. further analysis of longer-term observational studies is required to evaluate how likely patients are to develop visual field defects and whether such side effects are associated with dose and duration of drug use.
 the outcomes reported severely limit conclusions for clinical practice. we found little robust evidence that sterile water is effective for low back or any other labour pain. neither did we find any difference in delivery or other maternal or fetal outcomes. further large methodologically rigorous studies are required to determine the efficacy of sterile water to relieve pain in labour.
 early intervention programmes for preterm infants have a positive influence on cognitive and motor outcomes during infancy with the cognitive benefits persisting into pre-school age. there is a great deal of heterogeneity between studies due to the variety of early developmental intervention programmes trialled and gestational ages of the preterm infants included which limits the comparisons of intervention programmes. further research is needed to determine which early developmental interventions are the most effective at improving cognitive and motor outcomes and on the longer-term effects of these programmes.
 there is no reliable evidence from the trials included in this review that any specific initial arch wire material is better or worse than another with regard to speed of alignment or pain. there is no evidence at all about the effect of initial arch wire materials on the important adverse effect of root resorption. further well-designed and conducted adequately-powered rcts are required to determine whether the performance of initial arch wire materials as demonstrated in the laboratory makes a clinically important difference to the alignment of teeth in the initial stage of orthodontic treatment in patients.
 there is evidence to favour scs over standard conservative treatment alone to improve limb salvage and clinical situations in patients with nr-ccli. the benefits of scs must be considered against the possible harm of relatively mild complications and the costs.
 there is currently no evidence from randomised trials to support routine use of physical or pharmacological strategies to reduce temperature in patients with acute stroke. large randomised clinical trials are needed to study the effect of such strategies.
 the conclusion is that the choice of drug must be made based on consideration of drug-specific side effect properties.
 cytisine increases the chances of quitting although absolute quit rates were modest in two recent trials. varenicline at standard dose increased the chances of successful long-term smoking cessation between two and threefold compared with pharmacologically unassisted quit attempts. lower dose regimens also conferred benefits for cessation while reducing the incidence of adverse events. more participants quit successfully with varenicline than with bupropion. two open-label trials of varenicline versus nrt suggested a modest benefit of varenicline but confidence intervals did not rule out equivalence. limited evidence suggests that varenicline may have a role to play in relapse prevention. the main adverse effect of varenicline is nausea but mostly at mild to moderate levels and tending to subside over time. possible links with serious adverse events including serious psychiatric or cardiovascular events cannot be ruled out. future trials of cytisine may test extended regimens and more intensive behavioural support. there is a need for further trials of the efficacy of varenicline treatment extended beyond 12 weeks.
 currently there is no evidence to suggest a protective effect of ischaemic preconditioning in non-cirrhotic patients undergoing liver resection under continuous vascular occlusion. ischaemic preconditioning reduces the blood transfusion requirements in patients undergoing liver resection.
 the results of this review show that airway clearance techniques have short-term effects in the terms of increasing mucus transport. no evidence was found on which to draw conclusions concerning the long-term effects.
 ice massage compared to control had a statistically beneficial effect on rom function and knee strength. cold packs decreased swelling. hot packs had no beneficial effect on edema compared with placebo or cold application. ice packs did not affect pain significantly compared to control in patients with oa. more well designed studies with a standardized protocol and adequate number of participants are needed to evaluate the effects of thermotherapy in the treatment of oa of the knee.
 compared with the contrast-assisted cannulation technique the guidewire-assisted cannulation technique increases the primary cannulation rate and reduces the risk of pep and it appears to be the most appropriate first-line cannulation technique.
 intramuscular methotrexate at a dose of 15 mg/week is safe and effective for maintenance of remission in crohn's disease. oral methotrexate 12.5 to 15 mg/week does not appear to be effective for maintenance of remission in crohn's disease.
 no recommendations can be drawn from the two studies. one study showed a reduction in pe rates but not mortality but was subject to significant biases. the prepic study lacked statistical power to detect a reduction in pe over shorter and more clinically significant time periods. however the trial demonstrated that permanent vcfs were associated with an increased risk of long term lower limb dvt. there is a paucity of vcfs outcome evidence when used within currently approved indications and a lack of trials on retrievable filters. further trials are needed to assess vena caval filter safety and effectiveness.
 the results indicate that exercise has positive short-term effects on self-esteem in children and young people. since there are no known negative effects of exercise and many positive effects on physical health exercise may be an important measure in improving children's self-esteem. these conclusions are based on several small low-quality trials.
 there is evidence for significant beneficial effects of regular exercise on physical fitness walking capacity cardiovascular dimensions e.g. blood pressure and heart rate health-related quality of life and some nutritional parameters in adults with ckd. other outcomes had insufficient evidence due to the lack of data from rcts. the design of the exercise intervention causes difference in effect size and should be considered when prescribing exercise with the aim of affecting a certain outcome. future rcts should focus more on the effects of resistance training interventions or mixed cardiovascular and resistance training as these exercise types have not been studied as much as cardiovascular exercise.
 augmentation therapy with alpha-1 antitrypsin cannot be recommended in view of the lack of evidence of clinical benefit and the cost of treatment.
 stepwise and partial excavation reduced the incidence of pulp exposure in symptomless vital carious primary as well as permanent teeth. therefore these techniques show clinical advantage over complete caries removal in the management of dentinal caries. there was no evidence of a difference in signs or symptoms of pulpal disease between stepwise excavation and complete caries removal and insufficient evidence to determine whether or not there was a difference in signs and symptoms of pulp disease between partial caries removal and complete caries removal. when partial caries removal was carried out there was also insufficient evidence to determine whether or not there is a difference in risk of restoration failure. the no dentinal caries removal studies investigating permanent teeth had a similar result with no difference in restoration failure. the other no dentinal caries removal study which investigated primary teeth showed a statistically significant difference in restoration failure favouring the intervention. due to the short term follow-up in most of the included studies and the high risk of bias further high quality long term clinical trials are still required to assess the most effective intervention. however it should be noted that in studies of this nature complete elimination of risk of bias may not necessarily be possible. future research should also investigate patient centred outcomes.
 we cannot make any definite statements on the efficacy and clinical usefulness of electrotherapy modalities for neck pain. since the quality of evidence is low or very low we are uncertain about the estimate of the effect. further research is very likely to change both the estimate of effect and our confidence in the results. current evidence for pemf rms and tens shows that these modalities might be more effective than placebo but not other interventions. funding bias should be considered especially in pemf studies. galvanic current iontophoresis electric muscle stimulation(ems and static magnetic field did not reduce pain or disability. future trials on these interventions should have larger patient samples and include more precise standardization and description of all treatment characteristics.
 there is an absence of evidence as to whether clioquinol pbt1 has any positive clinical benefit for patients with ad or whether the drug is safe. we have some concerns about the quality of the study methodology there was an imbalance in treatment and control groups after randomisation participants in the active treatment group had a higher mean pre-morbid iq and the secondary analyses of results stratified by baseline dementia severity. the planned phase iii trial of pbt1 has been abandoned and this compound has been withdrawn from development. the second trial of pbt2 was more rigorously conducted and showed that after 12 weeks this compound appeared to be safe and well tolerated in people with mild alzheimer's dementia. larger trials are now required to demonstrate cognitive efficacy.
 prenatal trh in addition to corticosteroids given to women at risk of very preterm birth do not improve infant outcomes and can cause maternal side-effects.
 although it appears that no one procedure produces greater benefit in terms of pain and physical function there was insufficient evidence to be conclusive. trapeziectomy has fewer complications than trapeziectomy with lrti.
 providing additional placental blood to the preterm baby by either delaying cord clamping for 30 to 120 seconds rather than early clamping seems to be associated with less need for transfusion better circulatory stability less intraventricular haemorrhage all grades and lower risk for necrotising enterocolitis. however there were insufficient data for reliable conclusions about the comparative effects on any of the primary outcomes for this review.
 despite reviewing 39 eligible trials few firm conclusions could be reached because of the multiple comparisons considered the small size of individual trials and their low quality. whether or not to use a particular policy is usually a trade-off between the risks of morbidity especially infection and risks of recatheterisation.
 oseltamivir and zanamivir appear to have modest benefit in reducing duration of illness in children with influenza. however our analysis was limited by small sample sizes and an inability to pool data from different studies. in addition the inclusion of data from published trials only may have resulted in significant publication bias. based on published trial data oseltamivir reduces the incidence of acute otitis media in children aged one to five years but is associated with a significantly increased risk of vomiting. one study demonstrated that laninamivir octanoate was more effective than oseltamivir in shortening duration of illness in children with oseltamivir-resistant influenza a/h1n1. the benefit of oseltamivir and zanamivir in preventing the transmission of influenza in households is modest and based on weak evidence. however the clinical efficacy of neuraminidase inhibitors in at risk children is still uncertain. larger high-quality trials are needed with sufficient power to determine the efficacy of neuraminidase inhibitors in preventing serious complications of influenza such as pneumonia or hospital admission particularly in at risk groups.
 squeezable bottles appear easier to use than rigid feeding bottles for babies born with clefts of the lip and/or palate however there is no evidence of a difference in growth outcomes between the bottle types. there is weak evidence that breastfeeding is better than spoon-feeding following surgery for cleft. there was no evidence to suggest that maxillary plates assist growth in babies with clefts of the palate. no evidence was found to assess the use of any types of maternal advice and/or support for these babies.
 postoperative platinum based chemotherapy is associated with a small benefit in progression-free survival and overall survival irrespective of radiotherapy treatment. it reduces the risk of developing a metastasis could be an alternative to radiotherapy and has added value when used with radiotherapy.
 there is limited evidence on which to base clinical decisions regarding the prescription of custom-made foot orthoses for the treatment of foot pain. currently there is gold level evidence for painful pes cavus and silver level evidence for foot pain in jia rheumatoid arthritis plantar fasciitis and hallux valgus.
 the results of this review suggest that phakic iols are safer than excimer laser surgical correction for moderate to high myopia in the range of 6.0 to 20.0 d and phakic iols are preferred by patients. while phakic iols might be accepted clinical practice for higher levels of myopia greater than or equal to 7.0 d of myopic spherical equivalent with or without astigmatism it may be worth considering phakic iol treatment over excimer laser correction for more moderate levels of myopia less than or equal to 7.0 d of myopic spherical equivalent with or without astigmatism). further rcts adequately powered for subgroup analysis are necessary to further elucidate the ideal range of myopia for phakic iols.
 when the possible side-effects of standard treatment hypnotics are considered there is an argument to be made for clinical use of cognitive-behavioural treatments. research is needed to establish the likely predictors of success with such treatments. as it may well be the case that the treatment efficacy of cognitive-behavioural therapy itself is not durable the provision of top-up refresher sessions of cbt training to improve durability of effect are worthy of investigation.
 there was insufficient evidence from comparisons tested within randomised controlled trials to establish the relative effectiveness of different either custom-made or off-the-shelf finger splints used for treating mallet finger injury. there was a useful reminder that splints used for prolonged immobilisation should be robust enough for everyday use and of the central importance of patient adherence to instructions for splint use. there was insufficient evidence to determine when surgery is indicated.
 the studies in this review are limited by sample size which are often divided into multiple comparison groups. most comparisons showed no significant differences with wide confidence intervals. although extra-amniotic prostaglandins may be as effective as other modalities in initiating labour there is little conclusive information from this review to guide clinical practice. an adequately powered randomised controlled trial would be useful to determine if the use of extra-amniotic prostaglandins would lower the rate of caesarean section.
 there was no clear evidence of any effect of corticosteroids on substantive clinical outcomes. those receiving steroids showed significantly greater improvement in platelet counts which was greater for those receiving dexamethasone than those receiving betamethasone. there is to date insufficient evidence of benefits in terms of substantive clinical outcomes to support the routine use of steroids for the management of hellp. the use of corticosteroids may be justified in clinical situations in which increased rate of recovery in platelet count is considered clinically worthwhile.
 compulsory community treatment results in no significant difference in service use social functioning or quality of life compared with standard care. people receiving compulsory community treatment were however less likely to be victims of violent or non-violent crime. it is unclear whether this benefit is due to the intensity of treatment or its compulsory nature. evaluation of a wide range of outcomes should be considered when this type of legislation is introduced. note the five citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the review once assessed.
 despite collating more event data than previous systematic reviews of randomised controlled trials 665 deaths in some 6,250 participants there is still insufficient power to exclude clinically important effects of reduced dietary salt on mortality or cardiovascular morbidity in normotensive or hypertensive populations. our estimates of benefits from dietary salt restriction are consistent with the predicted small effects on clinical events attributable to the small blood pressure reduction achieved.
 there are few trials that have directly compared the antipyretic properties of paracetamol against placebo or physical methods. data on adverse events are limited. establishing standard outcomes will help comparisons between studies and better meta-analysis.
 the evidence from two trials suggests that anticoagulant therapy is superior to antiplatelet therapy for the prevention of stroke in people with nraf and recent non-disabling stroke or tia. the risk of extracranial bleeding was higher with anticoagulant therapy than with antiplatelet therapy.
 there is no convincing evidence to support the use of either atorvastatin or simvastatin as an adjunctive therapy in ms.
 there is insufficient evidence from randomised controlled trials to determine whether the infusion of sodium bicarbonate reduces mortality and morbidity in infants receiving resuscitation in the delivery room at birth.
 although emla is an effective topical anaesthetic for children amethocaine is superior in preventing pain associated with needle procedures.
 the studies included in this meta-analysis were generally small and methodologically prone to bias which makes it impossible to arrive at a definitive conclusion about the effectiveness of manipulative therapies for infantile colic. the majority of the included trials appeared to indicate that the parents of infants receiving manipulative therapies reported fewer hours crying per day than parents whose infants did not based on contemporaneous crying diaries and this difference was statistically significant. the trials also indicate that a greater proportion of those parents reported improvements that were clinically significant. however most studies had a high risk of performance bias due to the fact that the assessors parents were not blind to who had received the intervention. when combining only those trials with a low risk of such performance bias the results did not reach statistical significance. further research is required where those assessing the treatment outcomes do not know whether or not the infant has received a manipulative therapy. there are inadequate data to reach any definitive conclusions about the safety of these interventions.
 cabg is associated with reduced rates of major adverse cardiac events mostly driven by reduced repeat revascularisation. however the rct data are limited by follow-up unrepresentative samples and rapid development of both surgical techniques and stenting. research on real-world patient population or patient level data meta-analyses may identify risk factors and groupings who may benefit most from one strategy over the other.
 there is inadequate evidence to recommend or refute the use of urinary hcg as an ovulation trigger in anovulatory women being treated with clomiphene citrate. we did not find trials evaluating the use of ovulation triggers in anovulatory women being treated with other ovulation inducing agents.
 used alongside rehydration therapy probiotics appear to be safe and have clear beneficial effects in shortening the duration and reducing stool frequency in acute infectious diarrhoea. however more research is needed to guide the use of particular probiotic regimens in specific patient groups.
 the evidence from this updated review supports the use of kmc in lbw infants as an alternative to conventional neonatal care mainly in resource-limited settings. further information is required concerning effectiveness and safety of early onset continuous kmc in unstabilized lbw infants long term neurodevelopmental outcomes and costs of care.
 the available evidence indicates some beneficial effects with second-generation antipsychotics mood stabilisers and dietary supplementation by omega-3 fatty acids. however these are mostly based on single study effect estimates. antidepressants are not widely supported for bpd treatment but may be helpful in the presence of comorbid conditions. total bpd severity was not significantly influenced by any drug. no promising results are available for the core bpd symptoms of chronic feelings of emptiness identity disturbance and abandonment. conclusions have to be drawn carefully in the light of several limitations of the rct evidence that constrain applicability to everyday clinical settings among others patients characteristics and duration of interventions and observation periods).
 therapeutic aspiration in addition to metronidazole to hasten clinical or radiologic resolution of uncomplicated amoebic liver abscesses cannot be supported or refuted by the present evidence. the trials lack methodological rigour and adequate sample size to conclude on the presence of effectiveness of adjunctive image-guided aspiration plus metronidazole versus metronidazole alone. further randomised trials are necessary.
 the pregnancy rate was found to be higher when gnrha was used in a long protocol as compared to a short or ultrashort protocol. there was no evidence of a difference in live birth rate but this outcome was only reported by three studies. there was no evidence of a difference in the outcomes amongst various long protocols nor that stopping or reducing gnrha at the start of stimulation was associated with a reduced pregnancy rate. for all comparison except a long versus short protocol there was a lack of power.
 chemotherapy is effective in prolonging time to disease progression and survival in patients with advanced colorectal cancer. the survival benefit may be underestimated by this meta-analysis as a proportion of patients in the control arms of some trials received chemotherapy. no age related differences were found in the effectiveness of chemotherapy but elderly patients were under represented in trials. treatment toxicity and impact upon quality of life and symptom control have been inadequately assessed in the majority of trials and further research is needed to clarify the palliative benefit of chemotherapy.
 we consider the use of nact in women with stage iiic/iv ovarian cancer to be a reasonable alternative to pds particularly in bulky disease. with regard to selecting who will benefit from nact treatment should be tailored to the patient and should take into account resectability age histology stage and performance status. these results cannot be generalised to women with stage iiia and iiib ovarian cancer in these women pds is the standard. we await the results of three ongoing trials which may change these conclusions.
 the findings indicate that music during planned caesarean section under regional anaesthesia may improve pulse rate and birth satisfaction score. however the magnitude of these benefits is small and the methodological quality of the one included trial is questionable. therefore the clinical significance of music is unclear. more research is needed to investigate the effects of music during caesarean section under regional anaesthesia on both maternal and infant outcomes in various ethnic pregnant women and with adequate sample sizes.
 hpv-triage with hc2 can be recommended to triage women with ascus because it has higher accuracy significantly higher sensitivity and similar specificity than repeat cytology. when triaging women with lsil an hc2 test yields a significantly higher sensitivity but a significantly lower specificity compared to a repeat cytology. therefore practice recommendations for management of women with lsil should be balanced taking local circumstances into account.
 breathing exercises over four to 15 weeks improve functional exercise capacity in people with copd compared to no intervention however there are no consistent effects on dyspnoea or health-related quality of life. outcomes were similar across all the breathing exercises examined. treatment effects for patient-reported outcomes may have been overestimated owing to lack of blinding. breathing exercises may be useful to improve exercise tolerance in selected individuals with copd who are unable to undertake exercise training however these data do not suggest a widespread role for breathing exercises in the comprehensive management of people with copd.
 on the basis of the evidence available in this review no specific conclusion can be made regarding the superiority of one catheter class over another. further adequately powered studies reporting on clinical outcomes e.g. live birth rate are required. additional outcomes such as miscarriage rates and measures of discomfort need to be reported.
 methylphenidate clonidine guanfacine desipramine and atomoxetine appear to reduce adhd symptoms in children with tics. although stimulants have not been shown to worsen tics in most people with tic disorders they may nonetheless exacerbate tics in individual cases. in these instances treatment with alpha agonists or atomoxetine may be an alternative. although there is evidence that desipramine is effective for both tics and adhd in children safety concerns will likely continue to limit its use in this population.
 the risk of rhesus d alloimmunisation during or immediately after a first pregnancy is about 1%. administration of 100 g 500 iu anti-d to women in their first pregnancy can reduce this risk to about 0.2 without to date any adverse effects. although unlikely to confer benefit in the current pregnancy fewer women may have rhesus d antibodies in any subsequent pregnancy but the effects of this needs to be tested in studies of robust design.
 benefits of screening include a modest reduction in colorectal cancer mortality a possible reduction in cancer incidence through the detection and removal of colorectal adenomas and potentially the less invasive surgery that earlier treatment of colorectal cancers may involve.harmful effects of screening include the psycho-social consequences of receiving a false-positive result the potentially significant complications of colonoscopy or a false-negative result the possibility of overdiagnosis leading to unnecessary investigations or treatment and the complications associated with treatment.
 further research is needed on the comparison of different types of low vision aids. it will be also necessary to delineate patient's characteristics that predict performance with costly electronic devices as well as their sustained use in the long term compared to simpler and cheaper optical devices.
 our review update included data from four new randomised studies of the ketogenic diet. although none were blinded some were of good quality. these studies suggest that in children the ketogenic diet results in short to medium term benefits in seizure control the effects of which are comparable to modern antiepileptic drugs. however one study of long term outcome reports a high attrition rate for the diet. this would suggest that many children find the diet difficult to tolerate. the main reasons for drop-outs in the included studies included gastrointestinal side effects and dislike for the diet. we found just three studies on the use of the diet in adults and none of these were randomised. there has been less research involving other diets. we found one randomised study of reasonable quality of the atkins diet. this study showed similar benefits in seizure control with a less restrictive diet. for those with medically intractable epilepsy or those in whom surgery is unsuitable a ketogenic diet could improve seizure control but tolerability is poor. one observational study suggested that the atkins diet may have a similar effect on seizure control but this requires more investigation.
 mass mailing a printed bulletin which summarises systematic review evidence may improve evidence-based practice when there is a single clear message if the change is relatively simple to accomplish and there is a growing awareness by users of the evidence that a change in practice is required. if the intention is to develop awareness and knowledge of systematic review evidence and the skills for implementing this evidence a multifaceted intervention that addresses each of these aims may be required though there is insufficient evidence to support this approach.
 we included 25 rcts and found no compelling evidence to support any one psychosocial treatment over another to reduce substance use or improve mental state by people with serious mental illnesses. furthermore methodological difficulties exist which hinder pooling and interpreting results high drop out rates varying fidelity of interventions varying outcome measures settings and samples and comparison groups may have received higher levels of treatment than standard care. further studies are required which address these concerns and improve the evidence in this important area.
 timed-cycle sti have not been proven to be safe in the short term. although cd4-guided sti strategy has reported favorable outcomes in the short term the long-term safety efficacy and tolerability of this strategy has not been fully investigated. based on the studies we reviewed the evidence to support the use of timed-cycle sti and cd4-guided sti cycles as a standard of care in the management of chronic suppressed hiv infection is inconclusive.
 updated evidence is of low quality and potential differences between early and late tracheostomy need to be better investigated by means of randomized controlled trials. at present there is no specific information about any subgroup or individual characteristics potentially associated with better outcomes with either early or late tracheostomy.
 this review identified one small study at moderate to high risk of bias which provided no evidence to inform practice. more research is needed.
 the only randomized trial to date provides no evidence of significant benefit to preterm infants from adding lactase to their feeds. further research regarding effectiveness and safety are required before practice recommendations can be made. randomized controlled trials comparing lactase versus placebo treated feeds and enrolling infants when enteral feeds are introduced are required. the primary and secondary outcomes for effectiveness and safety should include those identified in this review.
 our review should provide some guidance to clinicians and patients. on the basis of high quality evidence natalizumab and ifn-1a rebif are superior to all other treatments for preventing clinical relapses in rrms in the short-term 24 months compared to placebo. moderate quality evidence supports a protective effect of natalizumab and ifn-1a rebif against disability progression in rrms in the short-term compared to placebo. these treatments are associated with long-term serious adverse events and their benefit-risk balance might be unfavourable. ifn-1b betaseron and mitoxantrone probably decreased the odds of the participants with rrms having relapses compared with placebo moderate quality of evidence). the benefit-risk balance with azathioprine is uncertain however this agent might be effective in decreasing the odds of the participants with rrms having relapses and disability progression over 24 to 36 months compared with placebo. the lack of convincing efficacy data shows that ifn-1a avonex intravenous immunoglobulins cyclophosphamide and long-term steroids have an unfavourable benefit-risk balance in rrms. none of the included treatments are effective in decreasing disability progression in patients with progressive ms. it is important to consider that the clinical effects of all these treatments beyond two years are uncertain a relevant point for a disease of 30 to 40 years duration. direct head-to-head comparison(s between natalizumab and ifn-1a rebif or between azathioprine and ifn-1a rebif should be top priority on the research agenda and follow-up of the trial cohorts should be mandatory.
 in view of the lack of evidence for the benefit or lack of benefit of antihistamine add-on therapy with topical nasal steroids for children with intermittent or persistent allergic rhinitis it is important that clinicians are mindful of the adverse effects of antihistamines and the additional costs that may be incurred.
 the available evidence from this review is of insufficient quantity and quality to draw any firm conclusions about the effects of self-management education for cystic fibrosis. further trials are needed to investigate the effects of self-management education on a range of clinical and behavioural outcomes in children adolescents and adults with cystic fibrosis and their caregivers.
 there is no significant difference between once weekly versus thrice weekly subcutaneous administration of rhuepo. once weekly administration would require an additional 12 u/kg/wk for patients on haemodialysis however this is based on one very small study. cost of additional rhuepo needs to assessed with regard to patient preference and compliance.
 evidence suggests that risperidone and olanzapine are useful in reducing aggression and risperidone reduces psychosis but both are associated with serious adverse cerebrovascular events and extrapyramidal symptoms. despite the modest efficacy the significant increase in adverse events confirms that neither risperidone nor olanzapine should be used routinely to treat dementia patients with aggression or psychosis unless there is severe distress or risk of physical harm to those living and working with the patient. although insufficient data were available from the considered trials a meta-analysis of seventeen placebo controlled trials of atypical neuroleptics for the treatment of behavioural symptoms in people with dementia conducted by the food and drug administration suggested a significant increase in mortality or 1.7). a peer-reviewed meta-analysis schneider 2005 of 15 placebo controlled studies nine unpublished found similarly increased risk in mortality or=1.54 95 ci 0.004 to 0.02 p=0.01 for the atypical neuroleptics.
 a one to two weeks course of h. pylori eradication therapy is an effective treatment for h. pylori positive peptic ulcer disease.
 itraconazole modifies the immunologic activation associated with allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis and improves clinical outcome at least over the period of 16 weeks. adrenal suppression with inhaled corticosteroids and itraconazole is a potential concern.
 the risk of bias in the included trials was moderate and the sample was small. hence although the data in this review show an effective treatment trend of edaravone for acute ischaemic stroke further large high-quality trials are required to confirm this trend.
 we conclude that despite promising immunological responses no clinically effective antigen-specific active immunotherapy is yet available for ovarian cancer. furthermore the adoption of guidelines to ensure uniformity in trial conduct response definitions and trial reporting is recommended to improve quality and comparability of immunotherapy trials.
 in adolescents and adults with sub-optimal control on low dose ics monotherapy the combination of laba and ics is modestly more effective in reducing the risk of exacerbations requiring oral corticosteroids than a higher dose of ics. combination therapy also led to modestly greater improvement in lung function symptoms and use of rescue 2 agonists and to fewer withdrawals due to poor asthma control than with a higher dose of inhaled corticosteroids. apart from an increased rate of tremor and less oral candidiasis with combination therapy the two options appear relatively safe in adults although adverse effects associated with long-term ics treatment were seldom monitored. in children combination therapy did not lead to a significant reduction but rather a trend towards an increased risk of oral steroid-treated exacerbations and hospital admissions. these trends raised concern about the safety of combination therapy in view of modest improvement in children under the age of 12 years.
 the addition of corticosteroids reduces the incidences of acute gvhd grade i to iv and ii to iv. this reduction however did not show any effect on overall survival and disease-free survival. further randomised controlled studies are needed to evaluate if the timing of steroid administration has a significant influence on the outcome data on quality of life should be assessed systematically.
 this update of the review published in 2004 incorporates additional trials and more mature data. it demonstrates the benefit of concurrent chemoradiation over radiotherapy alone or sequential chemoradiotherapy. patient selection is an important consideration in view of the added toxicity of concurrent treatment. uncertainty remains as to how far this is purely due to a radiosensitising effect and whether similar benefits could be achieved by using modern radiotherapy techniques and more dose intensive accelerated and or hyperfractionated radiotherapy regimens.
 parenteral high dose methotrexate and sulfasalazine are the only two agents with well demonstrated published efficacy in psoriatic arthritis. the magnitude of the effect seen with azathioprine etretinate oral low dose methotrexate and perhaps colchicine suggests that they may be effective but that further multicentre clinical trials are required to establish their efficacy. furthermore the magnitude of the improvement observed in the placebo group strongly suggests that uncontrolled trials should not be used to guide management decisions in this condition.
 the quantity and especially quality of data are low. analysis shows a reduction in overall complications but major complications were not reduced. length of stay was reduced significantly. we state that eras seems safe but the quality of trials and lack of sufficient other outcome parameters do not justify implementation of eras as the standard of care. within eras protocols included no answer regarding the role for minimally invasive surgery i.e. laparoscopy was found. furthermore protocol compliance within eras programs has not been investigated while this seems a known problem in the field. therefore more specific and large rct's are needed.
 the included studies provide strong evidence for increased ferritin and transferrin saturation levels together with a small increase in haemoglobin in patients with ckd who were treated with iv iron compared with oral iron. from a limited body of evidence we identified a significant reduction in esa requirements in patients treated with iv iron and found no significant difference in mortality. adverse effects were reported in only 50 of included studies. we therefore suggest that further studies that focus on patient-centred outcomes are needed to determine if the use of iv iron is justified on the basis of reductions in esa dose and cost improvements in patient quality of life and with few serious adverse effects.
 patients with parkinson's disease who receive treadmill training are more likely to improve their impaired gait hypokinesia. however the results must be interpreted with caution because there were variations between the trials in patient characteristics the duration and amount of training and types of treatment. additionally it is not known how long these improvements may last.
 due to insufficient good quality data and lack of randomised studies it is impossible to determine whether drug treatment is safe and effective in the treatment of myotonia. larger well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to assess the efficacy and tolerability of drug treatment for myotonia.
 the use of prophylactic steroids in pediatric patients to reduce postoperative complications commonly experienced following cardiopulmonary bypass surgery is not supported by the existing evidence. further well designed and adequately powered randomized controlled trials are needed to more accurately estimate the benefit and harm of this intervention.
 based on these four studies two of which were subgroups of small numbers of eligible toddlers from larger studies there is insufficient evidence of the analgesic effects of sweet tasting solutions or substances during acute painful procedures in children over one year of age. further well-conducted rcts are warranted in this population.
 at present there is insufficient rct evidence to enable evaluation of the effect of tpd in patients with aki. well-designed and larger rcts are required to better understand the risks and benefits of tpd for aki.
 the review indicates low level evidence for the positive effects of neuropsychological rehabilitation in ms. interventions included in the review were heterogeneous. consequently clinical inferences can basically be drawn from single studies. therefore new trials may change the strength and direction of the evidence. to further strengthen the evidence well-designed high quality studies are needed. in this systematic review recommendations are given for improving the quality of future studies on the effects of neuropsychological rehabilitation in ms.
 both tcas and ssris are effective for depression treated in primary care.
 there is silver level evidence www.cochranemsk.org to support the efficacy of strontium ranelate for the reduction of fractures vertebral and to a lesser extent non-vertebral in postmenopausal osteoporotic women and an increase in bmd in postmenopausal women with/without osteoporosis. diarrhea may occur however adverse events leading to study withdrawal were not significantly increased. potential vascular and neurological side-effects need to be further explored.
 pgs as currently performed significantly decreases live birth rates in women of advanced maternal age and those with repeated ivf failure. trials in which pgs was offered to women with a good prognosis suggested similar outcomes. pgs technique development is still ongoing in an effort to increase its efficacy. this involves biopsy at other stages of development polar body or trophectoderm biopsy and other methods of analysis comparative genome hybridisation cgh or array-based technologies than used by the trials included in this review. these new developments should be properly evaluated before their routine clinical application. until such trials have been performed pgs should not be offered as routine patient care in any form.
 t-tube drainage appeared to result in significantly longer operating time and hospital stay compared with primary closure without any apparent evidence of benefit on clinically important outcomes after open common bile duct exploration. based on the currently available evidence there is no justification for the routine use of t-tube drainage after open common bile duct exploration in patients with common bile duct stones. t-tube drainage should not be used outside well designed randomised clinical trials. more randomised trials comparing the effects of t-tube drainage versus primary closure after open common bile duct exploration may be needed. such trials should be conducted with low risk of bias and assessing the long-term beneficial and harmful effects of t-tube drainage including long-term complications such as bile stricture and recurrence of common bile duct stones.
 the range of proven effective interventions for chronic pelvic pain remains limited and recommendations are based largely on single studies. given the prevalence and healthcare costs associated with chronic pelvic pain in women randomised controlled trials of other medical surgical and psychological interventions are urgently required.chronic pelvic pain is common in women in the reproductive and older age groups and it causes disability and distress that result in significant costs to health services. the pathogenesis of chronic pelvic pain is poorly understood. often investigation by laparoscopy reveals no obvious cause for the pain. there are several possible explanations for chronic pelvic pain including undetected irritable bowel syndrome and central sensitisation of the nervous system. a vascular hypothesis proposes that pain arises from dilated pelvic veins in which blood flow is markedly reduced. as the pathophysiology of chronic pelvic pain is not well understood its treatment is often unsatisfactory and limited to symptom relief. currently the main approaches to treatment include counselling or psychotherapy attempts to provide reassurance using laparoscopy to exclude serious pathology progestogen therapy such as with medroxyprogesterone acetate and surgery to interrupt nerve pathways.
 while cocs containing 20 g ee may be theoretically safer this review did not focus on the rare events required to assess this hypothesis. data from existing randomized controlled trials are inadequate to detect possible differences in contraceptive effectiveness. low-dose estrogen cocs resulted in higher rates of bleeding pattern disruptions. however most trials compared cocs containing different progestin types and changes in bleeding patterns could be related to progestin type as well as estrogen dose. higher follow-up rates are essential for meaningful interpretation of results.
 the data from five trials comparing differing washout policies were sparse and trials were generally of poor quality or poorly reported. the evidence was too scanty to conclude whether or not washouts were beneficial. in the first instance we require further rigorous high quality trials with adequate power to detect any benefit from washout being performed as opposed to none. then trials comparing different washout solutions washout volumes frequencies/timings and routes of administration are needed.
 there was no evidence to suggest a shortened fluid fast results in an increased risk of aspiration regurgitation or related morbidity compared with the standard nil by mouth from midnight fasting policy. permitting patients to drink water preoperatively resulted in significantly lower gastric volumes. clinicians should be encouraged to appraise this evidence for themselves and when necessary adjust any remaining standard fasting policies nil-by-mouth from midnight for patients that are not considered at-risk during anaesthesia.
 we found no evidence to support the use of hydroxyurea in addition to radiotherapy in the routine treatment of cervix cancer.
 ketanserin may have some efficacy in the treatment of raynaud's phenomenon secondary to scleroderma. overall ketanserin is not significantly different from placebo for the treatment of raynaud's phenomenon except for some decrease in the duration of attacks and more subjects improved on ketanserin compared to placebo. however there were more side effects and the frequency of attacks actually favored placebo. it can be concluded that ketanserin treatment in raynaud's phenomenon secondary to scleroderma is not clinically beneficial.
 internal fixation is associated with less initial operative trauma but has an increased risk of re-operation on the hip. definite conclusions cannot be made for differences in pain and residual disability between the two groups. future studies should concentrate on better reporting of final outcome measures and function. there is still a need for studies to define which patient groups are better served by the different treatment methods.
 further studies are needed to compare chemoradiation versus thermoradiation versus chemoradiation plus hyperthermia in well selected/conducted and quality controlled randomised trials.
 there is not sufficient evidence to support or refute the use of d-penicillamine for patients with primary sclerosing cholangitis. we do not recommend the use of d-penicillamine for patients with primary sclerosing cholangitis outside randomised trials.
 we detected no difference in the effect on parasites and clinical illness for intrarectal quinine but most trials were small. pain may be less with intrarectal proprietary buffered quinine preparations made less acidic by adjustment of the ph to 4.5). further larger trials in patients with severe malaria and in adults are required before the intrarectal route can be recommended.
 in this review of randomized controlled trials of interventions designed to enhance partner support for smokers in cessation programmes we failed to detect an increase in quit rates. limited data from several of the trials suggest that these interventions also did not increase partner support. no conclusions can be made about the impact of partner support on smoking cessation. additional studies with larger samples are needed to adequately explore the effects of partner support interventions for smoking cessation.
 implications for practice no trials were found addressing treatment of vvc in hiv positive women.in comparison to placebo,fluconazole was found to be an effective preventative intervention. however the potential for resistant candida organisms to develop might impact the feasibility of implementation. direction of findings suggests that clotrimazole and lactobacillus improved the prophylactic outcomes when compared to placebo. implications for researchthere is a need to evaluate drugs and drug regimens for vvc treatment and prophylaxis in hiv positive women through randomised clinical trials. development of resistance to azoles remains under-studied and more work must be done in this area so as to determine whether routine prophylaxis for vvc is at all needed or whether adequate art would be sufficient to prevent recurrent vvc. the viral load in vaginal secretions with or without treatment or prophylaxis has not been studied this is very relevant to the spread of hiv.
 there is no reliable evidence from the trials reviewed concerning the effect of spinal as compared to general anaesthesia on the incidence of post-operative apnoea bradycardia or oxygen desaturation in ex-preterm infants undergoing herniorrhaphy. the estimates of effect in this review are based on a total population of only 108 patients or fewer. a large well designed randomised controlled trial is needed to determine if spinal anaesthesia reduces post-operative apnoea in ex-preterm infants not pretreated with sedatives. adequate blinding follow up and intention to treat analysis are required.
 this review found no evidence that metformin treatment before or during art cycles improves live birth or pregnancy rates. the risk of ohss in women with pcos and undergoing ivf or icsi cycles was reduced with metformin. further large rcts are necessary to definitively answer if the use of metformin in pcos women undergoing art improves live birth and pregnancy rates.
 the use of ddi and to a lesser extent ddc delayed both hiv disease progression and death at least when added to azt.
 this review provided limited evidence that multi-media social marketing campaigns can promote hiv testing among msm in developed countries. future evaluations of social marketing interventions for msm should employ more rigorous study designs. long-term impact evaluations changes in hiv or sti incidence over time are also needed. implementation research including detailed process evaluation is needed to identify elements of social marketing interventions that are most effective in reaching the target population and changing behaviours.
 we found evidence of moderate quality that radiation decreases the risk of disease progression compared with no further treatment but little evidence that it might improve overall survival in stage ib cervical cancer. the evidence on serious adverse events was equivocal.
 pramipexole can be used to reduce off time improve motor impairments and disability and reduce levodopa dose at the expense of increased dyskinetic adverse events. this conclusion is based on short and medium term trials up to 24 weeks). further trials are required to directly compare the newer with the older dopamine agonists.
 repetitive task training resulted in modest improvement in lower limb function but not upper limb function. training may be sufficient to impact on daily living function. however there is no evidence that improvements are sustained once training has ended. the review potentially investigates task specificity rather more than repetition. further research should focus on the type and amount of training and how to maintain functional gain.
 methotrexate may have a small steroid sparing effect in adults with asthma who are dependent on oral corticosteroids. however the overall reduction in daily steroid use is probably not large enough to reduce steroid-induced adverse effects. this small potential to reduce the impact of steroid side-effects is probably insufficient to offset the adverse effects of methotrexate.
 both small trials had significant risks of bias and do not provide reliable evidence on the effects of surgery for cervical spondylotic radiculopathy or myelopathy. it is unclear whether the short-term risks of surgery are offset by long-term benefits. further research is very likely to have an impact on the estimate of effect and our confidence in it. there is low quality evidence that surgery may provide pain relief faster than physiotherapy or hard collar immobilization in patients with cervical radiculopathy but there is little or no difference in the long-term. there is very low quality evidence that patients with mild myelopathy feel subjectively better shortly after surgery but there is little or no difference in the long-term.
 we do not know whether pq added to treatment regimens for patients with p. falciparum infection reduces transmission of malaria. in individual patients it reduces gametocyte prevalence and density. in practical terms even if pq results in large reductions in gametocytes in people being treated for malaria there is no reliable evidence that this will reduce transmission in a malaria-endemic community where many people are infected but have no symptoms and are unlikely to be treated. since pq is acting as a monotherapy against gametocytes there is a risk of the parasite developing resistance to the drug. in terms of harms there is insufficient evidence from trials to know whether the drug can be used safely in this way in populations where g6pd deficiency occurs. in light of these doubts about safety and lack of evidence of any benefit in reducing transmission countries should question whether to continue to use pq routinely in primary treatment of malaria. further synthesis of observational data on safety and new trials may help elucidate a role for pq in malaria elimination or in situations where most infected individuals are symptomatic and receive treatment.
 for participants with partial onset seizures oxcarbazepine is significantly less likely to be withdrawn but current data do not allow a statement as to whether oxcarbazepine is equivalent superior or inferior to phenytoin in terms of seizure control. however the design of the studies may have biased seizure outcomes and misclassification of epilepsy type may have biased withdrawal rates.
 the lack of a positive effect of d-cycloserine on cognitive outcomes in controlled clinical trials with statistical power high enough to detect a clinically meaningful effect means that d-cycloserine has no place in the treatment of patients with alzheimer's disease.
 caution is required in interpreting the results given the methodological limitations of the included trials in terms of internal and external validity. further the size and clinical meaningfulness of statistically significant results are uncertain. however given the risks of untreated depression in terms of completed suicide and impacts on functioning if a decision to use medication is agreed then fluoxetine might be the medication of first choice given guideline recommendations. clinicians need to keep in mind that there is evidence of an increased risk of suicide-related outcomes in those treated with antidepressant medications.
 we found insufficient evidence to support or refute the efficacy of routine very early mobilisation after stroke compared with conventional care. more research is required to determine the benefits and harms of very early mobilisation after stroke.
 active management is associated with small reductions in the cs rate but it is highly prescriptive and interventional. it is possible that some components of the active management package are more effective than others. further work is required to determine the acceptability of active management to women in labour.
 cervical manipulation and mobilisation produced similar changes. either may provide immediate or short-term change no long-term data are available. thoracic manipulation may improve pain and function. optimal techniques and dose are unresolved. further research is very likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect and is likely to change the estimate.
 the available evidence is limited and the internal validity of these trials is questionable. given the high losses to follow up these reports may even be considered observational. given that caveat the biphasic pill containing norethindrone was associated with inferior cycle control compared with the triphasic pill containing levonorgestrel. the choice of progestin may be more important than the phasic regimen in determining bleeding patterns.
 the analysis of the five included trials comparing intravenous versus oral steroid therapy for ms relapses do not demonstrate any significant differences in clinical benefits and adverse events radiological or pharmacological outcomes. based on the evidence oral steroid therapy may be a practical and effective alternative to intravenous steroid therapy in the treatment of ms relapses.
 from the limited available evidence spironolactone appears to lower blood pressure compared to placebo to a similar degree in patients with primary essential hypertension when doses of 100-500 mg/day are given. a dose of 25 mg/day did not statistically significantly reduce systolic or diastolic blood pressure compared to placebo. given the lack of a dose-response coupled with a possible increased risk in adverse events with higher doses doses of 25 to 100 mg/day are reasonable. there is no evidence of the effect of spironolactone on clinical outcomes in hypertensive patients.
 the use of conventional systemic corticosteroids in patients with clinically quiescent crohn's disease does not appear to reduce the risk of relapse over a 24 month period of follow-up. an updated literature search performed in july 2008 did not identify any new trials.
 olanzapine is an effective treatment for mania and may be more efficacious than divalproex though leads to more weight gain. clinicians should consider both the relative efficacy and the different incidence of specific adverse effects of available drugs.
 it is not possible to conclude about the use of any kind of pharmacologic therapies for maintenance treatment of opium dependence.
 the results of this systematic review indicate that virtual reality endoscopy training can be used to effectively supplement early conventional endoscopy training apprenticeship model in diagnostic oesophagogastroduodenoscopy colonoscopy and/or sigmoidoscopy for health professions trainees with limited or no prior endoscopic experience. however there remains insufficient evidence to advise for or against the use of virtual reality simulation-based training as a replacement for early conventional endoscopy training apprenticeship model for health professions trainees with limited or no prior endoscopic experience. there is a great need for the development of a reliable and valid measure of endoscopic performance prior to the completion of further randomised clinical trials with high methodological quality.
 pacifier use in healthy term breastfeeding infants started from birth or after lactation is established did not significantly affect the prevalence or duration of exclusive and partial breastfeeding up to four months of age. however evidence to assess the short-term breastfeeding difficulties faced by mothers and long-term effect of pacifiers on infants health is lacking.
 none of the three studies found that medication prior to transfusion reduces nhtr. this applied regardless of the patient's history of nhtr and the use of leukodepleted blood products in the transfusion. however this conclusion is based on three trials of moderate to low quality. a better-powered rct is necessary to evaluate the role of pretransfusion medication in the prevention of nhtr. inclusion criteria should be restricted to patients at high risk of developing nhtr with no restriction by age history of transfusion reactions and type of blood products leukodepleted or not).
 there is insufficient evidence to know if the effects of unit-dose packaged antimalarial drugs reduce treatment failure. unit-dose packaging supported by prescriber training and patient information appears to improve participant-reported treatment adherence but these data come from trials with methodological limitations.
 pedestrian safety education can result in improvement in children's knowledge and can change observed road crossing behaviour but whether this reduces the risk of pedestrian motor vehicle collision and injury occurrence is unknown. there is evidence that changes in safety knowledge and observed behaviour decline with time suggesting that safety education must be repeated at regular intervals.
 we found four rcts which reported mortality and bleeding data. it is not possible to determine whether human activated protein c recombinant human soluble thrombomodulin tranexamic acid and dermatan sulphate are effective or harmful for patients presenting with dic related to acute or chronic leukemia. the effects of these interventions need to be tested in sufficiently powered rcts. outcome measures should include in-hospital mortality from any cause overall mortality incidence of resolution of respiratory failure renal failure shock and safety. the definition of bleeding should be standardized in these patients.
 antibiotics covering aerobic and aerobic bacteria should be delivered orally and intravenously prior to colorectal surgery. antibiotics delivered within this framework will reduce the risk of postoperative swi by at least 75%. further research is required to establish the optimal timing and duration of dosing and frequency of longer-term adverse effects such as clostridium difficile pseudomembranous colitis.
 there is not enough evidence to evaluate the use of nutrient therapy for suspected impaired fetal growth. the studies were too small to assess clinical outcomes adequately.
 there were more deaths and more rebleeding in the transfusion arms of the combined studies but the small numbers of participants and large volume of missing data limit the significance of the findings. the studies in this review do not provide useful data regarding outcomes following red blood cell transfusion for acute upper gastrointestinal haemorrhage. they appear to exclude large survival benefit. large well-concealed rcts of sufficient power are urgently needed.
 depot perphenazine is in clinical use in the nordic countries belgium portugal and the netherlands. at a conservative estimate a quarter of a million people suffer from schizophrenia in those countries and could be treated with depot perphenazine. the total number of participants in the four trials with useful data is 313. none of the studies observed the effects of oral versus depot antipsychotic drugs. until well conducted and reported randomised trials are undertaken clinicians will be in doubt as to the effects of perphenazine depots and people with schizophrenia should exercise their own judgement or ask to be randomised.
 the very limited evidence from the included studies suggests that sns can improve continence in selected people with faecal incontinence and reduce symptoms in selected people with constipation. however temporary percutaneous stimulation for a two-to-three week period does not always successfully identify those for whom a permanent implant will be beneficial. larger good quality randomised crossover trials are needed to allow the effects of sns for these conditions to be assessed with more certainty.
 currently there is insufficient evidence to recommend routine screening of asymptomatic or symptomatic pregnant women with tvu cl. since there is a non-significant association between knowledge of tvu cl results and a lower incidence of ptb at less than 37 weeks in symptomatic women we encourage further research. future studies should look at specific populations separately e.g. singleton versus twins symptoms of ptl or no such symptoms report on all pertinent maternal and perinatal outcomes and include cost-effectiveness analyses. most importantly future studies should include a clear protocol for management of women based on tvu cl results so that it can be easily evaluated and replicated.
 no donors are superior to placebo or no treatment but inferior to prostaglandins for first-trimester cervical ripening and associated with more side effects.
 there is no evidence for any short-term or long-term advantage in peritoneal closure for non-obstetric operations. if further trials are performed on this topic they should have an adequate period of follow-up and adequate measures should be taken to ensure that the results are not subject to bias.
 the evidence from randomised controlled trials for the treatment of igg or iga paraproteinaemic neuropathy is currently inadequate. more randomised controlled trials of treatments are required. these should have adequate follow-up periods and contain larger numbers of participants perhaps through multicentre collaboration considering the relative infrequency of this condition. observational or open trial data provide limited support for the use of treatments such as plasma exchange cyclophosphamide combined with prednisolone intravenous immunoglobulin and corticosteroids. these show potential therapeutic promise but the potential benefits must be weighed against adverse effects. their optimal use and the long-term benefits need to be considered and validated with well-designed randomised controlled trials.
 while brief counselling interventions have been identified as successful ifor adults when delivered by physicians this cannot be extrapolated to adults as parents in child health settings. however there is limited support for more intensive counselling interventions for parents in such contexts. there is no clear evidence of differences between the respiratory non-respiratory ill child well child and peripartum settings as contexts for reduction of children's ets exposure.
 aroma therapy showed benefit for people with dementia in the only trial that contributed data to this review but it is important to note there were several methodological difficulties with this study. more well designed large-scale rcts are needed before clear conclusions can be drawn on the effectiveness of aroma therapy. additionally several issues need to be addressed such as whether different aroma therapy interventions are comparable and the possibility that outcomes may vary for different types of dementia.
 the review identified no significant differences for the primary outcomes perinatal mortality preterm birth less than 34 weeks gestation and childhood neurodevelopmental handicap although the number of studies and participants was small. while treatment with heparin appears promising with a reduction in pre-eclampsia eclampsia and infant birthweight less than the 10th centile for gestational age the number of studies and participants included was small and to date important information about serious adverse infant and long-term childhood outcomes is unavailable. further research is required. note the 14 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the review once assessed.
 there was limited and low quality data providing insufficient evidence to assess the effectiveness of pedometer interventions in the workplace for increasing physical activity and improving subsequent health outcomes.
 mao-b inhibitors more specifically selegiline which contributes most of the data do not appear to delay disease progression in terms of improved survival but may reduce later motor fluctuations. at present we do not feel these drugs can be recommended for routine use in the treatment of early parkinson's disease.
 this review demonstrated that there is insufficient evidence to draw definitive conclusions regarding the impact of educational or behavioural interventions on ttr in af patients receiving oat. thus more trials are needed to examine the impact of interventions on anticoagulation control in af patients and the mechanisms by which they are successful. it is also important to explore the psychological implications for patients suffering from this long-term chronic condition.
 calcimimetic treatment of shpt leads to significant improvements in biochemical parameters that observational studies have shown to be associated with increased mortality cardiovascular risk and osteitis fibrosa but patient-based benefits have not yet been demonstrated in trials. for patients with shpt the benefits of calcimimetics over standard therapy remain uncertain until further rcts become available.
 based on the limited data available moderate-term prednisone treatment of ra appears to be superior to placebo and comparable to treatment with aspirin or chloroquine in improving several common rheumatoid arthritis disease activity measures.
 family intervention may reduce the number of relapse events and hospitalisations and would therefore be of interest to people with schizophrenia clinicians and policy makers. however the treatment effects of these trials may be overestimated due to the poor methodological quality. further data from trials that describe the methods of randomisation test the blindness of the study evaluators and implement the consort guidelines would enable greater confidence in these findings.
 the pooled evidence derived from trials of gabapentin suggests that it is not efficacious for the prophylaxis of episodic migraine in adults. since adverse events were common among the gabapentin-treated patients it is advocated that gabapentin should not be used in routine clinical practice. gabapentin enacarbil is not efficacious for the prophylaxis of episodic migraine in adults. there is no published evidence from controlled trials of pregabalin for the prophylaxis of episodic migraine in adults.
 overall we found neither evidence that the addition of pte to antineoplastic treatment reduced the risk of death or disease progression nor that it improved the rate of tumour responses to antineoplastic treatment. for thymosin 1 there was a trend for a reduced risk of dying and of improved dfs. there was preliminary evidence that pte lowered the risk of severe infectious complications in patients undergoing chemotherapy or radiotherapy.
 the data available are inadequate to assess any potential benefit or harm that might result from hyperventilation in severe head injury. randomised controlled trials to assess the effectiveness of hyperventilation therapy following severe head injury are needed.
 we found only low quality evidence on the use of chemotherapy in malignant germ cell tumours of the ovaries. therefore we are unable to reach definite conclusions about the relative benefits and harms of chemotherapy use in this disease regardless of disease stage. due to the benefit of chemotherapy in germ cell cancer of the testis a trial of chemotherapy versus best supportive care is unlikely to be feasible. despite this good quality randomised studies are warranted in this disease to define the role of chemotherapy type of chemotherapy duration of treatment benefit short and long term toxicities). given the rarity of this disease we feel a trans-global approach would be essential in order to perform such trials.
 insertion of an iud immediately after abortion is safe and practical. iud expulsion rates appear higher than after interval insertions. however iud use is higher at six months with immediate than with interval insertion.
 studies evaluated in this review report significant improvements in knowledge measures and protective behaviours. results might have differed had the true iccs from studies been available or cluster-adjusted results been available. several studies reported harms suggesting a need to monitor the impact of similar interventions. retention of knowledge should be measured beyond 3-12 months. further investigation of the best forms of presentation and optimal age of programme delivery is required.
 both desipramine and paroxetine show a trend towards efficacy in depression in ms the short term but both treatments were associated with adverse effects with significantly more patients treated with paroxetine suffering from nausea or headache. further clinical research on the treatment of depression in ms is clearly needed. future trials should address the efficacy and tolerability in the long term and compare antidepressant treatments head-to-head.
 we could not find convincing evidence to support or refute endoscopic biliary stenting on the mortality in patients with pancreatico-biliary malignancy. large randomised trials are needed to settle the question of pre-surgical biliary stenting.
 the findings of this review suggest that oral naltrexone did not perform better than treatment with placebo or no pharmacological agent with respect to the number of participants re-incarcerated during the study period. if oral naltrexone is compared with other pharmacological treatments such as benzodiazepine and buprenorphine no statistically significant difference was found. the percentage of people retained in treatment in the included studies is however low 28%). the conclusion of this review is that the studies conducted have not allowed an adequate evaluation of oral naltrexone treatment in the field of opioid dependence. consequently maintenance therapy with naltrexone cannot yet be considered a treatment which has been scientifically proved to be superior to other kinds of treatment.
 increasing the ph of lidocaine decreased pain on injection and augmented patient comfort and satisfaction.
 although antibiotic treatment is effective for children with uti there are insufficient data to answer the question of which type of antibiotic or which duration is most effective to treat symptomatic lower uti. this review found that 10-day antibiotic treatment is more likely to eliminate bacteria from the urine than single-dose treatments. no differences were observed for persistent bacteriuria recurrence or re-infection between short and long-course antibiotics where the antibiotic differed between groups. this data adds to an existing cochrane review comparing short and long-course treatment of the same antibiotic who also reported no evidence of difference between short and long-course antibiotics.
 the evidence from this review suggests that there are no clinically meaningful bp lowering differences between available arbs. the bp lowering effect of arbs is modest and similar to ace inhibitors as a class the magnitude of average trough bp lowering for arbs at maximum recommended doses and above is 8/-5 mmhg. furthermore 60 to 70 of this trough bp lowering effect occurs with recommended starting doses. the review did not provide a good estimate of the incidence of harms associated with arbs because of the short duration of the trials and the lack of reporting of adverse effects in many of the trials.
 this systematic review suggests that the use of external stents following pancreaticoduodenectomy may be beneficial. however only a limited number of rcts with rather small sample sizes were available. further rcts on the use of stents after pancreaticoduodenectomy are warranted.
 despite concerns surrounding the use of opioids for long-term management of chronic lbp there remain few high-quality trials assessing their efficacy. the trials in this review although achieving high internal validity scores were characterized by a lack of generalizability inadequate description of study populations poor intention-to treat analyses and limited interpretation of functional improvement. based on our results the benefits of opioids in clinical practice for the long-term management of chronic lbp remain questionable. therefore further high-quality studies that more closely simulate clinical practice are needed to assess the usefulness and potential risks of opioids for individuals with chronic lbp.
 the limited evidence suggests that home management is cost effective and preferred by patients. further large trials comparing these treatments are unlikely to occur. therefore home treatment is likely to become the norm further research will be directed to resolving practical issues.
 educational or counselling interventions may improve completion of treatment for latent tuberculosis. as would be expected the magnitude of the benefit is likely to depend on the nature of the intervention and the reasons for low completion rates in the specific setting.
 gtr has a greater effect on probing measures of periodontal treatment than open flap debridement including improved attachment gain reduced pocket depth less increase in gingival recession and more gain in hard tissue probing at re-entry surgery. however there is marked variability between studies and the clinical relevance of these changes is unknown. as a result it is difficult to draw general conclusions about the clinical benefit of gtr. whilst there is evidence that gtr can demonstrate a significant improvement over conventional open flap surgery the factors affecting outcomes are unclear from the literature and these might include study conduct issues such as bias. therefore patients and health professionals need to consider the predictability of the technique compared with other methods of treatment before making final decisions on use. since trial reports were often incomplete we recommend that future trials should follow the consort statement both in their conduct and reporting. there is therefore little value in future research repeating simple small efficacy studies. the priority should be to identify factors associated with improved outcomes as well as investigating outcomes relevant to patients. types of research might include large observational studies to generate hypotheses for testing in clinical trials qualitative studies on patient-centred outcomes and trials exploring innovative analytic methods such as multilevel modelling. open flap surgery should remain the control comparison in these studies.
 this review indicates that swimming training is well-tolerated in children and adolescents with stable asthma and increases lung function moderate strength evidence and cardio-pulmonary fitness high strength evidence). there was no evidence that swimming training caused adverse effects on asthma control in young people 18 years and under with stable asthma of any severity. however whether swimming is better than other forms of physical activity cannot be determined from this review. further adequately powered trials with longer follow-up periods are needed to better assess the long-term benefits of swimming.
 we conclude that there is no evidence of difference between rhcg or rhlh and uhcg in achieving final follicular maturation in ivf with equivalent pregnancy rates and ohss incidence. according to these findings uhcg is still the best choice for final oocyte maturation triggering in ivf and icsi treatment cycles.
 the use of ergometrine-oxytocin as part of the routine active management of the third stage of labour appears to be associated with a small but statistically significant reduction in the risk of pph when compared to oxytocin for blood loss of 500 ml or more. no statistically significant difference was observed between the groups for blood loss of 1000 ml or more. a statistically significant difference was observed in the presence of maternal side-effects including elevation of diastolic blood pressure vomiting and nausea associated with ergometrine-oxytocin use compared to oxytocin use. thus the advantage of a reduction in the risk of pph between 500 and 1000 ml blood loss needs to be weighed against the adverse side-effects associated with the use of ergometrine-oxytocin.
 a significant health disparity exists whereby indigenous populations a minority are over-represented in the burden of smoking-related morbidity and mortality. this review highlights the paucity of evidence available to evaluate the effectiveness of smoking cessation interventions despite the known success of these interventions in non-indigenous populations. due to this lack of published investigations the external validity of this review is limited as is the ability to draw reliable conclusions from the results. the limited but available evidence reported does indicate that smoking cessation interventions specifically targeted at indigenous populations can produce smoking abstinence. however this evidence base is not strong with a small number of methodologically sound trials investigating these interventions. more rigorous trials are now required to assist in bridging the gap between tobacco related health disparities in indigenous and non-indigenous populations.
 chemotherapy led to a small but significant benefit for overall survival and event-free survival. this benefit was essentially observed when chemotherapy was administered concomitantly with radiotherapy.
 there was a small reduction in the length of the third stage of labour and also in the amount of blood loss when cord drainage was applied compared with no cord drainage. the clinical importance of such observed statistically significant reductions is open to debate. there is no clear difference in the need for manual removal of placenta blood transfusion or the risk of postpartum haemorrhage. due to small trials with medium risk of bias the results should be interpreted with caution.
 long-acting beta-2 agonists particularly salmeterol are more effective than theophylline in improving morning and evening pef but are not significantly different in their effect on fev1. there is evidence of decreased daytime and nighttime short-acting beta-2 agonist requirement with salmeterol. fewer adverse events occurred in participants using long-acting beta-2 agonists salmeterol and formoterol as compared to theophylline.
 we found insufficient evidence to determine if overground physical therapy gait training benefits gait function in patients with chronic stroke though limited evidence suggests small benefits for uni-dimensional variables such as gait speed or 6mwt. these findings must be replicated by large high quality studies using varied outcome measures.
 if we assume that screening reduces breast cancer mortality by 15 and that overdiagnosis and overtreatment is at 30 it means that for every 2000 women invited for screening throughout 10 years one will avoid dying of breast cancer and 10 healthy women who would not have been diagnosed if there had not been screening will be treated unnecessarily. furthermore more than 200 women will experience important psychological distress including anxiety and uncertainty for years because of false positive findings. to help ensure that the women are fully informed before they decide whether or not to attend screening we have written an evidence-based leaflet for lay people that is available in several languages on www.cochrane.dk. because of substantial advances in treatment and greater breast cancer awareness since the trials were carried out it is likely that the absolute effect of screening today is smaller than in the trials. recent observational studies show more overdiagnosis than in the trials and very little or no reduction in the incidence of advanced cancers with screening.
 finding from this review suggests that pre-exposure prophylaxis with tdf alone or tdf-ftc reduces the risk of acquiring hiv in high-risk individuals including people in serodiscordant relationships men who have sex with men and other high risk men and women.
 the finding that healing rates can be higher for cases treated surgically as compared to those treated non-surgically at least in the short term is based on two rcts only. a single rct reported that in the medium to long term healing rates for the two procedures are very similar. there is currently scarce evidence for a sound decision making process among alternative treatments for the re-treatment of a periradicular pathosis. more well-designed rcts should be performed with follow up of at least 4 years and with a consistent sample size to detect a true difference in the long term between the outcomes of the two alternative treatments if any exist.
 on the basis of one randomised clinical trial with high risk of bias there is insufficient evidence to conclude if in patients with liver metastases from various primary sites cryotherapy brings any significant benefit in terms of survival or recurrence compared with conventional surgery. in addition there is no evidence for the effectiveness of cryotherapy when compared with no intervention. at present cryotherapy cannot be recommended outside randomised clinical trials.
 with an overall high grade of evidence this review revealed an improvement of clinical results acr50 28 joint disease activity score das-28 remission and haq scores with certolizumab pegol. adverse events were more frequent with certolizumab there was a statistically significant increase in the number of serious adverse events infections and hypertension.
 active chest compression-decompression in patients with cardiac arrest is not associated with clear benefit.
 there is insufficient evidence of efficacy of individual antioxidants or antioxidants in general in the treatment of people with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. one study reported a mild positive effect but this was not supported in our analysis. if future trials of antioxidant medications are performed careful attention should be given to sample size outcome measures and duration of the trials. the high tolerance and safety and relatively low cost of vitamins c and e explain the continuing use of these vitamins by physicians and people with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. while there is no substantial clinical trial evidence to support their clinical use there is no clear contraindication.
 there is insufficient evidence to determine possible advantages or disadvantages of immediate immediate-delayed or delayed implants therefore these preliminary conclusions are based on few underpowered trials often judged to be at high risk of bias. there is a suggestion that immediate and immediate-delayed implants may be at higher risks of implant failures and complications than delayed implants on the other hand the aesthetic outcome might be better when placing implants just after teeth extraction. there is not enough reliable evidence supporting or refuting the need for augmentation procedures at immediate implants placed in fresh extraction sockets or whether any of the augmentation techniques is superior to the others.
 given that only three rcts were included in this systematic review and the high risk of bias in two of the three studies there is insufficient evidence to either support or refute the use of lycopene for the prevention of prostate cancer. similarly there is no robust evidence from rcts to identify the impact of lycopene consumption upon the incidence of prostate cancer prostate symptoms psa levels or adverse events.
 of the four studies identified one had low and three an unclear risk of bias. there is insufficient evidence from randomized controlled trials to show significant benefit from non-antiepileptic drugs in trigeminal neuralgia. more research is needed.
 in elective liver resection hepatic vascular occlusion cannot be recommended over portal triad clamping. intermittent portal triad clamping seems to be better than continuous portal triad clamping at least in patients with chronic liver disease. there is no evidence to support selective inflow occlusion over portal triad clamping. the optimal method of intermittent portal triad clamping is not clear. there is no evidence for any difference between the ischaemic preconditioning followed by vascular occlusion and intermittent vascular occlusion for liver resection in patients with non-cirrhotic livers. further randomised trials of low risk of bias are needed to determine the optimal technique of vascular occlusion.
 the most likely effective treatment to slow myopia progression thus far is anti-muscarinic topical medication. however side effects of these medications include light sensitivity and near blur. also they are not yet commercially available so their use is limited and not practical. further information is required for other methods of myopia control such as the use of corneal reshaping contact lenses or bifocal soft contact lenses bscls with a distance center are promising but currently no published randomized clinical trials exist.
 despite identifying 34 trials related to treatments for blepharitis there is no strong evidence for any of the treatments in terms of curing chronic blepharitis. commercial products are marketed to consumers and prescribed to patients without substantial evidence of effectiveness. further research is needed to evaluate the effectiveness of such treatments. any rct designed for this purpose should separate participants by type of condition e.g. staphylococcal blepharitis or mgd in order to minimize imbalances between groups type i errors and to achieve statistical power for analyses prevent type ii errors). medical interventions and commercial products should be compared with conventional lid hygiene measures such as warm compresses and eyelid margin washing to determine effectiveness as well as head-to-head to show comparative effectiveness between treatments. outcomes of interest should be patient-centered and measured using validated questionnaires or scales. it is important that participants be followed long-term at least one year to assess chronic outcomes properly.
 terbutaline pump maintenance therapy has not been shown to decrease the risk of preterm birth by prolonging pregnancy. furthermore the lack of information on the safety of the therapy as well as its substantial expense argues against its role in the management of arrested preterm labor. future use should only be in the context of well-conducted adequately powered randomized controlled trials. note the two citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the review once assessed.
 at the moment there is no evidence from individual rcts in children and adults with different malignancies that underscores the use of an lbd for the prevention of infection and related outcomes. all studies differed with regard to co-interventions outcome definitions and intervention and control diets. since pooling of results was not possible and all studies had serious methodological limitations no definitive conclusions can be made. it should be noted that no evidence of effect as identified in this review is not the same as evidence of no effect'. based on the currently available evidence we are not able to give recommendations for clinical practice. more high-quality research is needed.
 oxygen can relieve dyspnoea in mildly and non-hypoxaemic people with copd who would not otherwise qualify for home oxygen therapy. given the significant heterogeneity among the included studies clinicians should continue to evaluate patients on an individual basis until supporting data from ongoing large randomised controlled trials are available.
 there was insufficient robust evidence from randomised trials to establish the relative effectiveness of different methods of anaesthesia different associated physical techniques or the use of drug adjuncts in the treatment of distal radial fractures. there is however some indication that haematoma block provides poorer analgesia than ivra and can compromise reduction. given the many unresolved questions over the management of these fractures we suggest an integrated programme of research which includes consideration of anaesthesia options is the way forward.
 complications for surgical first trimester abortion are rare. the included studies do not indicate overall benefits of one over the other method. mva can be used for early first trimester surgical abortion but maybe more difficult when used later in the first trimester. duration of procedure is shorter with va compared to d&c which may be of importance when using local anaesthetics or for busy clinics. outcomes such as women's satisfaction the need for pain relief or surgeons preference for the instrument have been inadequately addressed. no long-term outcomes such as fertility after surgical abortion are available.
 the trial provided some weak and unreliable evidence that there was no significant difference in the effectiveness of minimal incision palatopharyngoplasty versus the same procedure performed simultaneously with an individually tailored pharyngeal flap or sphincter pharyngoplasty for correcting velopharyngeal insufficiency associated with submucous cleft palate.
 in patients with good-grade aneurysmal subarachnoid haemorrhage intraoperative mild hypothermia might prevent death or dependency in activities of daily living for a few of them. however the confidence intervals include the possibility of both benefit and harm. there is no evidence that intraoperative mild hypothermia is harmful. this treatment should not be routinely applied. in patients with poor-grade aneurysmal subarachnoid haemorrhage or without subarachnoid haemorrhage there are insufficient data to draw any conclusions. a high-quality randomised clinical trial of intraoperative mild hypothermia for postoperative neurological deficits in patients with poor-grade aneurysmal subarachnoid haemorrhage might be feasible.
 although numerous studies have been undertaken there is a noticeable inconsistency of the findings of the available studies and this is confounded by serious methodological issues within the included studies. the body of evidence in this review does not support the hypothesis that multi-component community wide interventions effectively increase population levels of physical activity. there is a clear need for well-designed intervention studies and such studies should focus on the quality of the measurement of physical activity the frequency of measurement and the allocation to intervention and control communities.
 use of either doxycycline 200 mg or azithromycin 500 mg by mouth before iud insertion confers little benefit. while the reduction in unscheduled visits to the provider was marginally significant the cost-effectiveness of routine prophylaxis remains questionable. a uniform finding in these trials was the low risk of iud-associated infection with or without use of antibiotic prophylaxis.
 we found no reason to change current treatment recommendations. however considerable uncertainty continues to exist about the optimal schedule for desferrioxamine in people with transfusion-dependent thalassaemia.
 the findings of this review indicate that the number of systemic and topical drugs used for the different subforms of pruritus is increasing. different interventions have been shown to be effective in the treatment of pruritus of different origins. nevertheless an optimal therapy for pruritus is constrained due to the limited understanding of crucial itch mediators and receptors in the various subforms of itch. ideal antipruritic therapies are still lacking especially for palliative care patients. this systematic review also indicates that there is insufficient evidence to give any concrete recommendations regarding treatment of pruritus in palliative care patients. due to the very small sample sizes and poor methodological quality of the majority of studies that were included the results of this review need to be interpreted with caution. furthermore the generalizability is questionable. additional studies and particularly carefully designed treatment trials are needed to provide valid evidence for adequate treatment of pruritus in palliative care patients.
 this review found a beneficial effect of banding ligation on primary prevention of upper gastrointestinal bleeding in patient with oesophageal varices. the effect on bleeding did not reduce mortality. additional evidence is needed to determine whether our results reflect that non-selective beta-blockers have other beneficial effects than on bleeding.
 results of this review do not provide sufficient evidence in favour of anticonvulsants for the treatment of aws. there are some suggestions that carbamazepine may actually be more effective in treating some aspects of alcohol withdrawal when compared to benzodiazepines the current first-line regimen for alcohol withdrawal syndrome. anticonvulsants seem to have limited side effects although adverse effects are not rigorously reported in the analysed trials.
 a large number of studies appear to address the research questions but few are of sufficient quality to be reliable. available evidence does suggest these substances are better than placebo at alleviating depression. further studies are needed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of 5-htp and tryptophan before their widespread use can be recommended. the possible association between these substances and the potentially fatal eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome has not been elucidated. because alternative antidepressants exist which have been proven to be effective and safe the clinical usefulness of 5-htp and tryptophan is limited at present.
 information on all comparisons are of limited quality are incomplete and problematic to apply clinically. aripiprazole is an antipsychotic drug with a variant but not absent adverse effect profile. long-term data are sparse and there is considerable scope for another update of this review as new data emerges from the many chinese studies as well as from ongoing larger independent pragmatic trials.
 there is no evidence to support the use of vaginal chlorhexidine during labour in preventing maternal and neonatal infections. there is a need for a well-designed randomized controlled trial using appropriate concentration and volume of vaginal chlorhexidine irrigation solution and with adequate sample size.
 the low to very low quality of the evidence of studies included in this review provides insufficient evidence to determine with certainty which interventions are most effective in changing professional behaviour and in what contexts. however interventions that may be worth further study are educational interventions involving more than one active element and that are repeatedly administered over time and interventions employing specialised personnel who are focused on an aspect of care that is supported by evidence e.g. dentists/dental auxiliaries performing oral care for vap prevention.
 in those clinical settings where surgical expertise and equipment are available and affordable diagnostic laparoscopy and la either in combination or separately seem to have various advantages over oa. some of the clinical effects of la however are small and of limited clinical relevance. in spite of the mediocre quality of the available research data we would generally recommend to use laparoscopy and la in patients with suspected appendicitis unless laparoscopy itself is contraindicated or not feasible. especially young female obese and employed patients seem to benefit from la.
 sargramostim does not appear to be more effective than placebo for induction of clinical remission or clinical improvement in patients with active crohn's disease. however the grade analysis indicates that the overall quality of the evidence for the primary clinical remission and secondary outcomes clinical response was low indicating that further research is likely to have an impact on the effect estimates.
 from the available evidence we cannot determine whether or not preoperative analgesics are of benefit in paediatric dentistry for procedures under local anaesthetic. there is probably a benefit in prescribing preoperative analgesics prior to orthodontic separator placement.
 antibiotic prophylaxis in afebrile neutropenic patients significantly reduced all-cause mortality. in our review the most significant reduction in mortality was observed in trials assessing prophylaxis with quinolones. the benefits of antibiotic prophylaxis outweighed the harm such as adverse effects and the development of resistance since all-cause mortality was reduced. as most trials in our review were of patients with haematologic cancer we strongly recommend antibiotic prophylaxis for these patients preferably with a quinolone. prophylaxis may also be considered for patients with solid tumours or lymphoma.
 calcium supplementation is associated with a significant protective benefit in the prevention of pre-eclampsia and should be used for this indication according to a previous review. this review indicates that there are no additional benefits for calcium supplementation in prevention of preterm birth or low infant birth weight. while there was a statistically significant difference of 80 g identified in mean infant birth weight there was significant heterogeneity identified and the clinical significance of this difference is uncertain.
 dietitians were better than doctors at lowering blood cholesterol in the short to medium term but there was no evidence that they were better than self-help resources. there was no evidence that dietitians provided better outcomes than nurses.the results should be interpreted with caution as the studies were not of good quality and the analysis was based on a limited number of trials.
 the review suggests a substantial caries-inhibiting effect of fluoride varnish in both the permanent and the deciduous dentitions based largely on trials with no treatment controls. there is little information concerning acceptability of treatment or possible side effects in the included trials. given the relatively poor quality of most of the included studies and the wide confidence intervals around the estimates of effect there remains a need for further trials. it is important that these trials should be of high quality and include assessment of potential adverse effects.
 stapled hemorrhoidopexy is associated with a higher long-term risk of hemorrhoid recurrence and the symptom of prolapse. it is also associated with a higher likelihood of long-term symptom recurrence and the need for additional operations compared to conventional excisional hemorrhoid surgeries. patients should be informed of these risks when being offered the stapled hemorrhoidopexy as surgical therapy. if hemorrhoid recurrence and prolapse are the most important clinical outcomes then conventional excisional surgery remains the gold standard in the surgical treatment of internal hemorrhoids.
 although there are shortcomings and gaps in the data there appears to be enough overall consistency for different outcomes. the efficacy and adverse effects profile of penfluridol are similar to other typical antipsychotics both oral and depot. furthermore penfluridol is shown to be an adequate treatment option for people with schizophrenia especially those who do not respond to oral medication on a daily basis and do not adapt well to depot drugs. one of the results favouring penfluridol was a lower drop out rate in medium term when compared to depot medications. it is also an option for chronic sufferers of schizophrenia with residual psychotic symptoms who nevertheless need continuous use of antipsychotic medication. an additional benefit of penfluridol is that it is a low-cost intervention. note the eight citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the review once assessed.
 the body of evidence summarised in this review is insufficient to allow any conclusion to be drawn about the use of pharmacological interventions in the treatment of antisocial personality disorder.
 on the basis of one randomised trial which did not describe its methodology in sufficient detail to assess risk of bias and quality excluded 27 of patients after randomisation due to various reasons and is probably not free from selective outcome reporting bias there is insufficient evidence to conclude that in patients with colonic cancer liver metastases electro-coagulation alone brings any significant benefit in terms of survival or recurrence compared with the control. in addition there is insufficient evidence for the effectiveness of adding allopurinol or dimethyl sulphoxide to electro-coagulation. the probability for selective outcome reporting bias in the trial is high. more randomised trials are needed in order to sufficiently validate electro-coagulation with or without co-interventions.
 ivig administration results in a 3 reduction in sepsis and a 4 reduction in one or more episodes of any serious infection but is not associated with reductions in other clinically important outcomes including mortality. prophylactic use of ivig is not associated with any short-term serious side effects. the decision to use prophylactic ivig will depend on the costs and the values assigned to the clinical outcomes. there is no justification for conducting additional rcts to test the efficacy of previously studied ivig preparations in reducing nosocomial infections in preterm and/or lbw infants.
 choice of therapy for second stage gambiense hat will continue to be determined by what is locally available but eflornithine and nect are likely to replace melarsoprol with careful parasite resistance monitoring. we need research on reducing adverse effects of currently used drugs testing different regimens and experimental and clinical studies of new compounds effective for both stages of the disease.
 in patients with stable copd pmdi produced similar outcomes to a dry powder device for delivering beta2-agonists but the very small number of studies and included patients does not permit firm conclusions to be drawn. the soft mist device for ipratropium was more effective than a pmdi but the data come from one small study. there need to be further well designed randomised controlled trials to define the role of inhaler devices using bronchodilators in stable copd.
 the main source of evidence for the current practice of laparoscopic excision of renal cancer is drawn from case series small retrospective studies and very few small randomised controlled trials. the results and conclusions of these studies must therefore be interpreted with caution.
 based on evidence from only one high-bias risk trial it appears that early laparoscopic cholecystectomy less than 24 hours after diagnosis of biliary colic decreases the morbidity during the waiting period for elective laparoscopic cholecystectomy mean waiting time 4.2 months the hospital stay and operating time. further randomised clinical trials are necessary to confirm or refute these findings and to determine if early laparoscopic cholecystectomy is better than the delayed laparoscopic cholecystectomy if the waiting time is shortened further.
 magnesium sulphate more than halves the risk of eclampsia and probably reduces maternal death. there is no clear effect on outcome after discharge from hospital. a quarter of women report side effects with magnesium sulphate.
 limited data on the effect of -interferon treatment on ppms exists. only two single-centre placebo controlled trials of interferon beta have been done. based on this review the included studies showed that -interferon treatment was not associated with reduced disability progression in ppms patients. however the trial population was too small to allow definitive conclusions on the efficacy of -interferon therapy in ppms patients. larger research studies need to be done in patients with ppms in order to clarify whether -interferon is effective in this population.
 we found no evidence to support or refute antioxidant supplements in patients with liver disease. antioxidant supplements may increase liver enzyme activity.
 there is currently insufficient evidence from which to draw firm conclusions about the impact of postoperative face-down positioning on the outcome of surgery for macular hole. of three rcts two suggested a benefit in larger holes but none demonstrated evidence of a benefit in smaller holes. consort adherent rcts and large scale well designed non-randomised observational studies are needed to determine with confidence the value of this intervention.
 behavioral interventions reduce self-reported unprotected anal sex among msm. these results indicate that hiv prevention for this population can work and should be supported. results of previous studies provide a benchmark for expectations in new studies. meta-analysis can inform future design and implementation in terms of sample size target populations settings goals for process measures and intervention content. when effects differ by design variables which are deliberately selected and planned awareness of these characteristics may be beneficial to future designs. researchers designing future small group and individual-level studies should keep in mind that to date effects of the greatest magnitude have been observed in studies that used count outcomes and a shorter intervention span up to 1 month). among small group and individual-level studies effects were also greatest when the comparison condition included minimal to no hiv prevention content. nevertheless statistically significant favorable effects were also seen when the comparison condition included standard or other hiv prevention content. researchers choosing the latter option for new studies should plan for larger sample sizes based on the smaller expected net intervention effect noted above. when effects differ by implementation variables which become evident as the study is conducted but are not usually selected or planned caution may be advised so that future studies can reduce bias. because intervention effects were somewhat stronger though not statistically significantly so in studies with a greater attrition in the comparison condition differential retention may be a threat to validity. extra effort should be given to retaining participants in comparison conditions. among community-level interventions intervention effects were strongest among studies with random assignment of groups or communities. therefore the inclusion of studies where assignment of groups or communities was by convenience did not exaggerate the summary effect. the greater effectiveness of interventions including more than 25 non-gay identifying msm suggests that when they can be reached these men may be more responsive than gay-identified men to risk reduction efforts. non-gay identified msm may have had less exposure to previous prevention messages so their initial exposure may have a greater impact. the greater effectiveness of interventions that include efforts to promote personal skills such as keeping condoms available and behavioral self-management indicates that such content merits strong consideration in development and delivery of new interventions for msm. and the finding that interventions were most effective for majority white populations underscores the critical need for effective interventions for msm of african and latino descent. further research measuring the incidence of hiv and other stds is needed. because most studies were conducted among mostly white men in the us and europe more evaluations of interventions are needed for african american and hispanic msm as well as msm in the developing world. more research is also needed to further clarify which behavioral strategies e.g. reducing unprotected anal sex having oral sex instead of anal sex reducing number of partners avoiding serodiscordant partners strategic positioning or reducing anal sex even with condom use are most effective in reducing transmission among msm the messages most effective in promoting these behaviors and the methods and settings in which these messages can be most effectively delivered.
 the use of antiglucocorticoids in the treatment of mood disorders is at the proof-of-concept stage. considerable methodological differences exist between studies with respect to the compounds used and the patient cohorts studied. results in some diagnostic subtypes are promising and warrant further investigation to establish the clinical utility of these drugs in the treatment of mood disorders.
 the evidence for recommending baclofen for aws is insufficient. more well designed rcts are needed to prove its efficacy and safety.
 we found strong evidence to support beneficial effects of child obesity prevention programmes on bmi particularly for programmes targeted to children aged six to 12 years. however given the unexplained heterogeneity and the likelihood of small study bias these findings must be interpreted cautiously. a broad range of programme components were used in these studies and whilst it is not possible to distinguish which of these components contributed most to the beneficial effects observed our synthesis indicates the following to be promising policies and strategies  school curriculum that includes healthy eating physical activity and body image  increased sessions for physical activity and the development of fundamental movement skills throughout the school week  improvements in nutritional quality of the food supply in schools  environments and cultural practices that support children eating healthier foods and being active throughout each day  support for teachers and other staff to implement health promotion strategies and activities e.g. professional development capacity building activities  parent support and home activities that encourage children to be more active eat more nutritious foods and spend less time in screen based activities however study and evaluation designs need to be strengthened and reporting extended to capture process and implementation factors outcomes in relation to measures of equity longer term outcomes potential harms and costs. childhood obesity prevention research must now move towards identifying how effective intervention components can be embedded within health education and care systems and achieve long term sustainable impacts.
 metered-dose inhalers with spacer produced outcomes that were at least equivalent to nebuliser delivery. spacers may have some advantages compared to nebulisers for children with acute asthma.
 the effects of surgical treatment in the management of the shoulder in people with rheumatoid arthritis are largely unknown due to the paucity of randomised controlled trials.
 no major advantages from any of the catheter-related interventions which have been purported to reduce the risk of pd peritonitis could be demonstrated in this review. the frequency and quality of available trials are suboptimal.
 the optimum treatment for lgs remains uncertain and no study to date has shown any one drug to be highly efficacious rufinamide lamotrigine topiramate and felbamate may be helpful as add-on therapy clobazam may be helpful for drop seizures. until further research has been undertaken clinicians will need to continue to consider each patient individually taking into account the potential benefit of each therapy weighed against the risk of adverse effects.
 there is not enough evidence to recommend any intervention for preventing excessive weight gain during pregnancy due to the significant methodological limitations of included studies and the small observed effect sizes. more high-quality randomised controlled trials with adequate sample sizes are required to evaluate the effectiveness of potential interventions.
 multiple interventions for upper limb sensory impairment after stroke are described but there is insufficient evidence to support or refute their effectiveness in improving sensory impairment upper limb function or participants functional status and participation. there is a need for more well-designed better reported studies of sensory rehabilitation.
 there is a lack of evidence of effectiveness of the included interventions. motivational interviewing and some family interventions may have some benefit. cost-effectiveness has not yet been addressed in any studies and further research is needed to determine whether any of these interventions can be recommended.
 the potential benefit of antibiotics in the treatment of clinically diagnosed acute rhinosinusitis needs to be seen in the context of a high prevalence of adverse events. taking into account antibiotic resistance and the very low incidence of serious complications we conclude that there is no place for antibiotics for the patient with clinically diagnosed uncomplicated acute rhinosinusitis. this review cannot make recommendations for children patients with a suppressed immune system and patients with severe disease as these populations were not included in the available trials.
 ino cannot be recommended for patients with ahrf. ino results in a transient improvement in oxygenation but does not reduce mortality and may be harmful.
 esa treatment in cancer patients increased on study mortality and worsened overall survival. for patients undergoing chemotherapy the increase was less pronounced but an adverse effect could not be excluded.
 there appears to be little basis for offering cse over epidurals in labour with no difference in overall maternal satisfaction despite a slightly faster onset with cse and conversely less pruritus with low-dose epidurals. there was no difference in ability to mobilise maternal hypotension rate of caesarean birth or neonatal outcome. however the significantly higher incidence of urinary retention rescue interventions and instrumental deliveries with traditional techniques would favour the use of low-dose epidurals. it is not possible to draw any meaningful conclusions regarding rare complications such as nerve injury and meningitis.
 implications for practice oral borage oil and evening primrose oil lack effect on eczema improvement was similar to respective placebos used in trials. oral bo and epo are not effective treatments for eczema. in these studies along with the placebos epo and bo have the same fairly common mild transient adverse effects which are mainly gastrointestinal. the short-term studies included here do not examine possible adverse effects of long-term use of epo or bo. a case report warned that if epo is taken for a prolonged period of time more than one year there is a potential risk of inflammation thrombosis and immunosuppression another study found that epo may increase bleeding for people on coumadin warfarin medication. implications for research noting that the confidence intervals between active and placebo treatment are narrow to exclude the possibility of any clinically useful difference we concluded that further studies on epo or bo for eczema would be hard to justify. this review does not provide information about long-term use of these products.
 this review provides no clear evidence for the treatment of cirrhotic patients with spontaneous bacterial peritonitis. in practice third generation cephalosporins have already been established as the standard treatment of spontaneous bacterial peritonitis and it is clear that empirical antibiotic therapy should be provided in any case. however until large well-conducted trials provide more information practice will remain based on impression not evidence.
 although the data suggest that prophylactic antibiotics help to prevent perineal wound complications following third or fourth-degree perineal tear loss to follow-up was very high. the results should be interpreted with caution as they are based on one small trial.
 the value of the various approaches to conservative management of postprostatectomy incontinence after radical prostatectomy remains uncertain. it seems unlikely that men benefit from one-to-one pelvic floor muscle training therapy after transurethral resection of the prostate turp). long-term incontinence may be managed by external penile clamp but there are safety problems.
 bupropion increases smoking abstinence rates in smokers with schizophrenia without jeopardizing their mental state. varenicline may also improve smoking cessation rates in schizophrenia but its possible psychiatric adverse effects cannot be ruled out. cr may help this group of patients to quit and reduce smoking in the short term. we failed to find convincing evidence that other interventions have a beneficial effect on smoking in schizophrenia.
 this review shows a trend towards greater effectiveness with dual chamber pacing compared to single chamber ventricular pacing which supports the current british pacing and electrophysiology group's guidelines regarding atrioventricular block. additional randomised controlled trial evidence from ongoing trials in this area will further inform the debate.
 there is limited evidence that contracts can potentially contribute to improving adherence but there is insufficient evidence from large good quality studies to routinely recommend contracts for improving adherence to treatment or preventive health regimens.