 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of pharmacological interventions for treating acute mental illness in patients with severe mental illness. further well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the most effective pharmacological intervention for acute mental illnesses in people with mild mental illness and their carers. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in quality of life and social functioning between different treatment options. future research should also assess the effect of pharmacologic interventions on chronic mental illness as well as patient satisfaction and cost-effectiveness.
 at present there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of oral acupoints for myopia control in children with visual impairment. further well-designed and reported randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the effectiveness and safety of this intervention in myopic control. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in visual health knowledge visual acuity and visual health related quality of life. future research should also evaluate the effects of oralacupoint on visual acupressure and visual acuesture and its effect on visual field knowledge knowledge cognitive health knowledge functional health knowledge subjective health knowledge mental health knowledge social health knowledge physical health knowledge clinical satisfaction and cost-effectiveness.
 chest tube drainage appears to be a safe and effective treatment option for primary spontaneous pneumothorax. however there is insufficient evidence to support its use in clinical practice. further well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in the management of primary spontaneous phytomedicylaxis. such trials should also evaluate the long-term effects on mortality and quality of life as well as cost-effectiveness. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of rf ablation for patients with small hepatocellular carcinoma. further randomised clinical trials are needed to determine its role in improving local recurrence-free survival and prolonging quality of life in patients with chronic liver disease. these trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in mortality and morbidity between patients treated with rf anhydrase inhibitors and those treated with aqueous ethanol.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of surgical therapy in the treatment of rhinosinusitis. future research should focus on determining the most effective surgical treatment option for patients with crs. note the four citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the conclusion once assessed. additional research is required to determine the best surgical treatment strategy for crs in this population. a large well-designed randomised controlled trial is also needed to establish the optimal surgical treatment regime for these patients.
 there is no evidence to support or refute the use of self-help advice for smoking cessation in healthcare settings. future research should focus on determining the most effective and safest way to deliver self help advice to smokers and their carers. it is also important to note that this review was based on only a small number of studies and that the quality of the evidence was very low. further trials are needed to assess the effectiveness of self help letters and other forms of behavioural change interventions for quitting and maintaining abstinence.
 there is currently insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of bionator and headgear appliances for treating children with class ii malocclusion. future research should focus on determining the most effective treatment option for children with severe disease. it is also important to note that this review was conducted before the introduction of the first version of the new series of treatments in 2009. further trials are needed to determine the best treatment option when considering the cost-effectiveness of each intervention.
 there is some evidence to support the introduction of a nurse specialist in epilepsy. however this conclusion is limited by the small number of trials and the lack of quality of life data. further well-conducted and reported randomised controlled trials are needed to assess the role of nurses in epilepsy management. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences between nurses and their general practitioners. future research should also examine the impact of nurses on patient satisfaction and service utilisation.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of antiretroviral therapy for treating hiv-infected women with a high risk of developing pneumonia. large well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its place in everyday clinical practice. such trials should be conducted in settings where standardised adherence guidelines are used and where appropriate patient outcomes are measured. future research should also assess the impact of this intervention on maternal and neonatal morbidity and mortality.
 dronabinol appears to be an effective treatment option for patients with alzheimer's disease. however there is insufficient evidence to support its use in clinical practice. further randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in the treatment and prevention of death from a heart attack. these trials should also assess the long-term effects on mortality and quality of life as well as cost-effectiveness. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of a mask for surgical site infections in women undergoing elective or emergency obstetric gynecological surgery. further randomised controlled trials are needed to determine whether a mask is more effective than no mask in terms of surgical site infection rates and complication rates. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences between masks and no mask. future research should also assess the effects of masks on clinical site infections and patient satisfaction.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of psychosocial interventions for smoking cessation in adolescents. future research should focus on determining the most effective pharmacological intervention and its cost-effectiveness compared to control conditions. it is also important to note that these findings are based on only a small number of studies and that the majority of the trials were conducted before the programme was implemented. further research is needed to determine the best pharmacological approach to smoking cessation among young people with chronic illnesses.
 magnesium sulphate therapy during antepartum and postpartum periods is associated with a higher risk of severe pre-eclampsia. however there is no evidence to support the routine use of mgso4 therapy for women with mild preeclampia. further randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in treating this condition. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of erythropoietin in patients with rheumatoid arthritis. large well-designed and reported randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its place in everyday clinical practice. such trials should be conducted in a high quality and adequately powered trial. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed. future research should focus on determining the optimal dose and duration of treatment and on identifying the most appropriate dose and intensity of treatment for each patient.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of local anesthetic in paediatric surgery. further research is needed to establish its place in routine clinical practice and to determine its role in reducing pain during surgery. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the entire review once assessed. future research should focus on determining the most effective method of medical management for paediatric cancer patients with chronic non-life threatening conditions such as diabetes heart failure cardiac arrhythmias and hypertension.
 at present there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of psychotherapy for treating ptsd. future research should focus on determining whether psychotherapy is more effective than other psychotherapy treatments in reducing ptsd symptoms and also on improving quality of life among people with a history of ptsd who have been through traumatic stress disorder. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed. we therefore recommend that future trials are adequately powered to detect clinically important differences between psychotherapy and control conditions.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of glucocorticosteroids for men with azoospermia. further large well-designed and reported randomised controlled trials are needed to determine whether this intervention can be used as an adjuvant to other male contraceptive regimens. these trials should also assess long-term outcomes such as mortality and quality of life. in addition future research should focus on determining the optimal dose duration duration duration and duration of treatment and on identifying the most effective route of administration and timing of corticosteroid administration.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of nsaids for treating iud-induced menorrhagia in women with a lippes loop iud. further randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the effectiveness of naproxen and other non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs on menstrual blood loss. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the conclusion of the full review once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of corticosteroids for treating preterm infants with chronic lung disease. further randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the role of corticoosteroids in the management of preterm neonates. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in mortality and long-term neurodevelopmental morbidity between the two classes of newborn infants at risk of chronic lung diseases. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the original review once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of the primary canine and cervical pull headgear in the treatment ofpalpalatally displaced canines. further well designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the role of these two interventions in clinical practice. such trials should be adequately powered with a focus on patient satisfaction and cost-effectiveness. future research should also evaluate the impact of these interventions on quality of life and service utilisation as well as safety.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of hbo therapy for acute ischemic stroke. further randomised clinical trials are needed to determine its role in acute ischaemic stroke. these trials should be of sufficient size to detect clinically important differences in outcome between patients and their carers. future trials should also assess long-term outcomes such as mortality and quality of life. they should also evaluate the effects on neurological function and neurodevelopmental outcomes.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of metal prostheses in the treatment of displaced radial head fractures. further randomised controlled trials are needed to determine whether this intervention is beneficial for patients with unstable radial head fracture. these trials should be of sufficient size to detect a clinically important difference in complication rates between the two groups. future trials should also evaluate the effect of different types of implantation on complication rates and long-term outcomes.
 there is no evidence to support or refute the use of radiofrequency thermal lumbar sympathectomy for treating acute pain in people with scleroderma. further research is needed to determine whether radiofrequency thermocompromise is an effective treatment for acute pain and its adverse effects on quality of life. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the conclusion of the study once assessed.
 there is some evidence that computer-delivered hiv risk reduction interventions may be effective in preventing sexual transmitted disease. however this conclusion is based on only a small number of trials and the quality of the evidence is low. further research is needed to determine the most effective intervention for prevention of sexual transmitted diseases in young people. future research should focus on determining the most appropriate intervention for each type of sexually transmitted disease and on identifying the best way to deliver it.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of asthma education in children with asthma. future research should focus on determining the most appropriate asthma education intervention for children and young people with asthma who are at high risk of developing asthma. this review highlights the need for further research into asthma education interventions for children under 18 years of age. a large well-designed randomised controlled trial is needed to determine the most effective asthma educational intervention for childhood asthma. such trials should be conducted in areas where asthma education is not readily available.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of elemental diet in crohn's disease. further randomised controlled trials are needed to determine whether elemental diet is more effective than oral diet in inducing a clinically important improvement in growth velocity and quality of life in children with crohn’s disease. these trials should be of sufficient size to detect clinically important differences in clinical outcomes such as mortality and morbidity between groups and populations. future research should also assess the effect of elemental diets on growth velocity during childhood and after school age when compared to oral diet.
 acetaminophen is an effective analgesic in treating moderate to severe postoperative pain. the combination of paracetamol and nalbuphine appears to be more efficacious than a single dose of 100 mg or 200 mg. both drugs produce similar levels of pain relief but are associated with a higher rate of adverse events. there is no evidence that combination therapy is superior to other analgesics in terms of efficacy or safety. this review highlights the need for well-designed adequately powered randomised controlled trials to assess the effectiveness of combination therapy in treating postoperative nausea and vomiting.
 donepezil hydrochloride and cholinesterase inhibitors appear to be effective in treating mild to moderately severe alzheimer's disease. however the clinical significance of these findings is uncertain. there is a need for further well-designed randomised controlled trials with long-term follow-up before definitive conclusions can be made about their effectiveness. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important improvements in quality of life and cost-effectiveness.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of gnrh agonist for women undergoing ivf cycles. further randomised clinical trials are needed to determine whether gnrh antagonist is more effective than non-stop protocols in improving live birth rates and improving pregnancy rates. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in live birth rate and live birth outcomes between the two protocols. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of gabapentin for treating tinnitus due to chronic disease. further well designed and reported randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in treating chronic disease in patients with chronic disease as well as to assess its safety. such trials should be adequately powered and report patient-centred outcomes according to the prescribing guidelines www.consort-statement.org/). note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the document may alter the conclusions of the review once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence from randomised controlled trials to support or refute the use of antibiotics in chronic rhinosinusitis. further large well-designed and reported rcts are needed to determine whether antibiotics are beneficial for chronic rhinoitis. such trials should be of sufficient size to detect clinically important differences in mortality and morbidity between groups. future research should also assess long-term effects on health-related quality of life as well as cost-effectiveness.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of an antihistamine-decongestant combination for relief of nasal congestion in children with acute rhinitis. further large well-designed and reported rcts are needed to determine the role of this agent in the treatment of common colds. such trials should be conducted in high risk populations with long-term follow-up periods that allow a more robust conclusion to be drawn regarding its efficacy.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the superiority of csii over insulin in terms of glycaemic control. further large well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine whether csii is superior to insulin analogues for treating long-term hypoglycemic control in people with type 1 diabetes mellitus. such trials should be performed in carefully selected settings and patients with a high risk of bias. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of tobacco marketing for promoting smoking in children and adolescents. future research should focus on determining the most effective way to promote smoking among children and young people with a high risk of exposure to smoking. it is also important to determine the best way to deliver tobacco marketing as a public health promotion. this review highlights the need for well-conducted and reported randomised controlled trials that are adequately powered to detect an effect on smoking prevalence. such trials should be conducted in countries where tobacco marketing is widely used.
 heparin appears to be an effective treatment for acute symptomatic pulmonary embolism. however this conclusion is limited by the small number of patients studied and the high risk of bias in the included trials. there is a need for large well-designed randomised controlled trials with long-term follow-up before definitive conclusions can be made regarding its efficacy and safety. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in mortality and morbidity between different treatments.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of postpartum antibiotic treatment for intra-amnionic infection. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the conclusion once assessed. future research should focus on determining the most effective and safest antibiotic treatment option for this condition. further trials are needed to determine the best antibiotic treatment strategy for this population. such trials should also assess the long-term benefits and harms of prelabour clamping in women with intrapartum infection.
 diflunisal is an effective analgesic in treating moderate to severe postoperative pain. however the small number of patients studied and the high risk of bias limit its usefulness. there is a need for large well-conducted randomised controlled trials with long-term follow-up before definitive conclusions can be made regarding its efficacy. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in pain scores between different doses and duration of action. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the study once assessed.
 there is no evidence to support or refute the use of a three-drug regimen for treating severe melioidosis in thailand. further well designed and reported randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the optimal regimen for treatment of severe meliosidosis. such trials should be conducted in areas with high risk of systematic error such as southern thailand and sepsis. future trials should also assess the long-term safety of these regimens. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of telephone consultations in routine primary care. future research should focus on determining the most effective and safest method of telepharmacological consultation for patients with similar health problems. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the conclusion once assessed. additionally the citation does not allow us to draw firm conclusions about the cost-effectiveness of such interventions. a large well-designed adequately powered randomised controlled trial is needed to determine the relative costs and benefits of these interventions.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of oral contraceptives for treating hirsutism in women with idiopathic ovary syndrome. large well-designed and reported randomised controlled trials are needed to determine whether oral contraceptives are more effective than placebo in treating hirutism. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed. future research should focus on determining the best contraceptive option for women with symptomatic ovary disease who are most likely to respond to treatment.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of inhaled antibiotics for chronic p. aeruginosa infection in cystic fibrosis. further well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine whether inhaled antibiotic treatment is more effective and safe than inhaled intramuscular corticosteroids for treating cf. e.g. bronchospinosa. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in lung function pulmonary function quality of life and other clinical outcomes.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of beta-carotene supplementation in cystic fibrosis. a large well-designed randomised controlled trial is needed to determine its role in clinical practice. note the four citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the study once assessed. future research should focus on determining the most appropriate dose and duration of administration and on identifying the most effective route of administration for this intervention.
 there is no evidence to support the use of long-term antibiotic prophylaxis in patients undergoing transrectal prostatic biopsy of the prostate gland. further trials are needed to determine whether long-dose antibiotic proppylaxis has an effect on symptomatic urinary tract infection and if so on bacteriuria. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the conclusion of the full review once assessed. additionally the seven citations in search of the optimal antibiotic regimen should be added to the review.
 there is some evidence that family planning counselling and family planning services are more effective than hiv testing alone. however the quality of the evidence is very low. further research is needed to determine whether this effect is real or has been demonstrated in clinical settings. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.there is a need for large well-designed adequately powered randomised controlled trials with long-term follow-up before firm conclusions can be drawn about the relative effectiveness of family planning counseling and hiv transmission services for women on hiv prevention.
 there is insufficient evidence from randomised controlled trials to support or refute the use of pharmacological interventions for pregnant women with a high risk of developing premenopausal symptoms. further research is needed to determine the role of pharmacologic interventions in pregnancy prevention and long-term neonatal morbidity. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the conclusion of the original review once assessed.there is a need for well-designed adequately powered rcts to evaluate pharmacological intervention for this population. such trials should be conducted in the context of clinical trials.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of sildenafil for treating sexual dysfunction in people with schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder. further well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in treatment of sexual dysfunction. such trials should be of sufficient size to detect clinically important differences in patient satisfaction and quality of life between different groups of patients. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.
 prophylaxis prior to percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy insertion reduces the risk of peristomal wound infection in patients at high risk of infection. however there is a need for large well-designed randomised controlled trials with long-term follow-up before definitive recommendations can be made about the best antibiotic prophyleaxis strategy for treating peristomomal wound infections in people who are already receiving antibiotics. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in mortality morbidity and morbidity between groups.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of internal fixation for treating subcapital femoral fracture in patients with a high risk of infection. further randomised clinical trials are needed to determine whether internal fixation is superior to internal fixation in terms of mortality and long-term morbidity. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences between internal fixation and internal fixation. future trials should also assess the effect of internal fix on mortality and morbidity in patients at high risk for infection. they should also evaluate the impact of internal repair on quality of life.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of antioxidant supplements for preventing cvd. further trials are needed to determine whether antioxidant supplements are effective in reducing mortality and morbidity in people at high risk of cvd or those at higher risk of developing cvd particularly in areas where vitamin e is not widely used. future research should also assess the effect of antioxidant supplementation on quality of life and cost-effectiveness as well as the long-term effects of this intervention on cardiovascular disease.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of hemiarthroplasty for treating displaced intracapsular fracture of the femoral neck. further well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in clinical practice. such trials should be of sufficient size to detect clinically important differences in mortality and long-term morbidity between different prostheses. future trials should also assess patient satisfaction with treatment and cost-effectiveness.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of bromocriptine for treating acute cerebral ischemia. further well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in this condition. such trials should be conducted with a large sample size and long term follow-up. future trials should also evaluate the effect of bromeocripte on other cognitive function measures such as speech fluency language fluency vocabulary phonetics and cognitive abilities.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of oral phenobarbital for treating preterm infants. further randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its place in routine clinical practice. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the study once assessed. future research should focus on determining the most effective route of administration and duration of administration given the increased risk of intraventricular haemorrhage in preterm newborns.
 naltrexone appears to be safe and well tolerated in the treatment of opioid dependence. however there is a need for further randomised controlled trials with larger sample sizes and longer follow-up periods to determine its safety and tolerability. future trials should also assess its long-term effects on mortality and morbidity. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in liver function and quality of life among patients with opioid dependence who are at high risk of relapse.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of ultrasound guidance in the treatment of sciatic nerve block complications. future research should focus on determining the most effective and safest method of delivering ultrasound guidance to patients undergoing surgery for ssiatic nerve blocks following trauma. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed. additional research is required to determine the best approach to delivering ultrasound advice to people undergoing surgery after trauma-related upper arm surgery.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of psychotherapy for treating opioid dependence. further research is needed to determine whether psychotherapy is more effective than pharmacotherapy in reducing heroin consumption and sexual risk behaviors. future research should also assess the effect of psychotherapeutic interventions on mortality and morbidity among people with opioid dependence and their carers. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the conclusion of the full review once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of case management for treating low-back pain in healthcare workers. future research should focus on determining the most effective and safest intervention for treating msds. it is also important to note that this review was based on a small number of studies with variable risk of bias and therefore we cannot draw firm conclusions about the effectiveness of this intervention for patients with msds who are absent from work due to low back pain.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the routine use of antioxidant supplements for cataract in adults. further well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine whether antioxidant supplements are beneficial for people with chronic kidney disease or those with a history of cataracts. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in mortality and morbidity between male and female smokers. future research should also assess the effect of antioxidant supplementation on long-term outcomes such as quality of life and cost.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of aspirin for treating colorectal cancer. large well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine whether aspirin is beneficial in preventing adenoma in adults. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed. a single trial of 100 mg aspirin per day appears to be safe and effective in reducing the risk of adenomatous polyps in adults but this finding should be interpreted with caution.
 there is currently insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of disc prosthesis for treating d.d. in patients with low risk of chronic disc disease it may be advisable to carry out a large well-designed and reported randomised controlled trial before deciding on the best disc replacement strategy. such a trial should be performed in carefully selected patient populations that can be expected to respond to treatment. future trials should also evaluate the relative benefits and harms of disc replacement compared to control groups and follow-up periods.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of heparin for treating acute painful crisis in people with vasoocclusive crisis. further well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in treating painful crisis and its complications. such trials should be of sufficient size to detect a clinically important difference between treatment and control groups. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of relaxation training for treating congestive dysmenorrhoea. further research is needed to determine whether relaxation training is more effective than waiting list control conditions in this population. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed. future research should focus on determining the most effective relaxation training approach and also on identifying the most appropriate relaxation training option for these women.
 amitriptyline appears to be an effective treatment for neuropathic pain in diabetic neuropathy. however there is insufficient evidence to support its use as an adjuvant to other anticonvulsants such as fluoxetine or mianserin. further well-designed and reported trials are needed to determine its role in the treatment of neuropathy in patients with diabetes and/or neuropathic disease. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.
 chlorhexidine appears to be more effective than other methods of cord care in reducing neonatal mortality. however there is insufficient evidence to support or refute its use as a first line treatment for newborn infants with dry umbilical cord care. future research should focus on determining the most effective and safest method of cord cleansing. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.there is a need for further well-designed randomised controlled trials to determine the relative effectiveness and safety of different forms of cord disinfection.
 self-monitoring of blood glucose levels in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus appears to be an effective management strategy for improving metabolic control. however there is a need for further well-conducted and reported randomised clinical trials to confirm this finding. such trials should be of sufficient size to detect clinically important differences in metabolic control and quality of life between the two types of monitoring strategies. future research should also assess the long-term effects on metabolic control as well as patient-centred outcomes such as mortality and morbidity.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of visual feedback for dental or alveolar sounds in patients with cleft palate. further randomised clinical trials are needed to determine the most effective visual feedback and visual feedback technique for dental/alveolar sound treatment. these trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in tongue posturing quality of life and patient satisfaction. future research should focus on determining the most appropriate visual feedback method for dental implantation and other dental procedures such as tongue placement and tongue placement.
 clonazepam appears to be a safe and effective treatment for akathisia in adolescents and young adults. however it is not clear whether this treatment is associated with a higher risk of relapse or a higher rate of adverse effects. further research is needed to determine the optimal dose and duration of treatment and to assess the cost-effectiveness of clonaxepam in children and adolescents. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the conclusion of the study once assessed.
 there is no evidence to support or refute the use of physical therapy for people at high risk of hospital admission following hip fracture. further well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine whether physical therapy is more effective than placebo in preventing hospital admission after hip fracture and to assess its effect on quality of life. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in functional performance between different physical therapy regimens over a period of time.
 midazepam appears to be a safe and effective analgesic in terms of postoperative nausea and vomiting but there is no evidence that it has an effect on overall clinical outcomes. however this conclusion must be interpreted with caution due to the small number of studies and the high risk of bias in the included trials. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.there is a need for further well-conducted randomised controlled trials to determine the safety and efficacy of both drugs in reducing postoperative anxiety and symptom control.
 there is some evidence that hiv risk reduction interventions may be effective in reducing sexual risk behaviors among women at high risk of developing stis and repeat pregnancy. however the evidence is not strong and further trials are needed to confirm this finding. future research should also assess the impact of hiv prevention interventions on sexual transmitted disease outcomes such as perinatal mortality and sexually transmitted disease prevalence. these findings should be interpreted with caution due to the small number of included studies and the lack of quality of the evidence base.
 excision of the sinus wound appears to be more effective than open suturing in treating chronic pilonidal sinus disease. however this conclusion is based on a small number of trials and with a high risk of bias. further well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the relative benefits and harms of excision and open flap procedures for treating pns disease. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in mortality morbidity and long-term morbidity.
 there is no evidence that postoperative autotransfusion reduces the need for allogeneic blood transfusion in patients with rheumatic heart disease. however this conclusion is based on a small number of trials and it is not possible to draw firm conclusions about the relative benefits and harms of different methods of haemoglobin preservation during and after cardiac surgery. future research should focus on determining the best method of haemic blood preservation in patients undergoing cardiac surgery who are at high risk of complications such as wound infection deep-vein thrombosis and chest infection.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of perineal massage for women with jaundice during pregnancy. further randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in this condition. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed. future research should focus on determining the most appropriate massage technique for women who are pregnant and whether it is more or less effective than sutured vaginal massage.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of human insulin for treating type 1 diabetes mellitus. large well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine whether this therapy is superior to animal insulin in terms of glycaemia control and metabolic control. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in mortality and morbidity between different types of animal insulin preparations. future trials should also assess long-term outcomes such as quality of life and cost-effectiveness. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of a distal vein graft for bypass grafting in patients with critical limb ischemia. further randomised clinical trials are needed to determine the best technique of bypass grafts in this population. these trials should be of sufficient size to detect clinically important differences in patency between the two methods. future research should also assess the safety and efficacy of different methods of ventilator grafting and the cost-effectiveness of each technique.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of nasogastric tube feeding at birth for infants weighing less than 1500 g. further randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in maintaining growth and head circumference in preterm infants. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in growth rate serum fat volume and head height. future trials should also assess long-term neurodevelopmental outcomes including quality of life and mortality.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of peritoneal drainage for perforated necrotizing enterocolitis in preterm infants. further randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in clinical practice. such trials should be performed with a large sample size and follow-up period. note the six citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the study once assessed. future research should focus on determining the optimal drainage technique and timing of application of perforation drainage.
 fluticasone appears to be a safe and effective treatment option for mild to moderate asthma. however there is insufficient evidence to support its use as an add-on therapy for patients with asthma inadequately controlled with or without inhaled corticosteroids. further well-designed rcts are needed to assess the safety of this treatment option in patients with severe asthma. future trials should also evaluate the long-term benefits and harms of both treatments and compare them to each other.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of oral corticosteroids for treating infectious mononucleosis. further well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine whether this treatment effect is sustained over time and to assess the long-term effects of this treatment option on mortality and morbidity. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in pain relief between different doses and duration of treatment and to evaluate the effectiveness of these interventions in reducing the incidence and severity of acute symptoms.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of anticholinergic medication in primary nocturnal enuresis. large well-designed and reported randomised trials are needed to determine the best treatment option for children with primary ncturnal deuresis as well as to assess the optimal route of administration and duration of therapy. such trials should be adequately powered to detect a clinically important difference in clinical outcomes between patients treated with an individual agent and those treated with another agent.
 r-uk appears to be superior to urokinase in achieving occluded central venous catheters at a dose of 3.0 mg/kg/d. however this conclusion is based on a small number of trials and with a high risk of bias. further well designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the relative benefits and harms of each intervention for cvad treatment. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in mortality morbidity and morbidity.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute early endoscopic intervention for patients with acute biliary pancreatitis. further well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the relative benefits and harms of early endoscopy compared with conventional treatment in this population. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the conclusion of the original review once assessed. future research should also address the impact of endoscopic interventions on mortality and long-term morbidity.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of mammography screening outreach programmes for women with abnormal mammogram results. future research should focus on determining the best way to deliver a mammogram in this population. it may also be important to determine the cost-effectiveness of these interventions and to assess whether they are more effective than no mammogram screening program. further research is needed to establish the effectiveness of such interventions for improving quality of life and health care outcomes.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of oral retinoic acid for treating cervical intraepithelial neoplasia. further randomised clinical trials are needed to determine its role in this condition. note the four citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the conclusion of the original review once assessed. future research should focus on determining the most appropriate dose and duration of treatment and on identifying the best route of administration and timing of treatment.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of mtx-cf rescue in primary osteosarcoma. further well designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in primary and secondary osteoarthcoma treatment. such trials should be conducted with a focus on patient satisfaction and cost-effectiveness. future trials should also evaluate the effects of mts-cf retrieval on quality of life as well as safety issues such as long-term complications and adverse effects. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the study once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of plasma levels in preterm infants with a median gestational age of 675 g. this conclusion is limited by the small number of infants studied and the lack of data on long-term outcomes. further research is needed to determine the optimal dose and duration of plasma level exposure for preterm newborn infants with an upper genital tract. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the study once assessed.
 in patients with advanced gastric cancer 5-fu appears to be a safe and effective treatment option for patients with unresectable or metastatic gastric cancer. however it is not clear whether this benefit is sustained beyond the end of life period. there is a need for further well-designed rcts to assess the relative benefits and harms of different regimens and to determine the optimal dosing regimen. future trials should also evaluate the long-term toxicity and toxicity profiles of each regimens.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of colony-stimulating factor in the treatment of children with acute lymphoblastic leukemia. further large randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its place in clinical practice and to assess its role in the management of this population. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in mortality and morbidity between patients treated with a variety of interventions. future trials should also evaluate the effects of these interventions on long-term survival and quality of life.
 there is insufficient evidence from randomised controlled trials to support or refute the use of intraocular injections for treating macular edema. large well-designed and reported randomised clinical trials are needed to determine whether intraocular injection is an effective treatment option for patients with cystoid macular enema. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in outcome between the two treatments. future trials should also evaluate the effects of intraoperative injections on long-term outcomes such as quality of life and safety.
 prednisone therapy appears to be a safe and effective treatment for mild to moderate cystic fibrosis. however there is insufficient evidence to support its use in clinical practice. large well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in the management of this condition. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in pulmonary function and quality of life between different treatments. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the study once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of e-epa for treating persistent symptoms in people with schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder. further randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in treating persistent symptom and dyskinesia. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed. future research should focus on determining the most appropriate dose and duration of treatment and on identifying the most effective route of administration and timing of delivery.
 aromatherapy appears to be a safe and effective treatment option for women at high risk of miscarriage. however there is insufficient evidence from randomised controlled trials to determine its place in everyday clinical practice. further large well-designed rcts are needed to assess its role in the prevention of miscarriage and its long-term adverse effects. such trials should be conducted with adequate numbers of participants and duration of follow-up to ensure that they are adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in pregnancy outcomes.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of folic acid for treating acute mental disorders. further well designed and reported randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its place in everyday clinical practice. such trials should be conducted with a large sample size and long-term follow-up before they can be generalised to other medical treatments. future research should also assess the effect of folsetine on people with severe depression and schizophrenia. these trials should also examine the effects of foloxetine as an adjuvant treatment option for patients with mild to moderate dementia.
 local anaesthetic injection of the cervix prior to cervical biopsy is effective in reducing pain and improving cervical function. however there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of local anaesthesia during cervical surgery for women with abnormal cervical smears. further well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to confirm this finding. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed. additionally a large multi-centre trial is carried out to determine the effectiveness of local anesthetic injections for cervical surgery.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of psychosocial interventions for treating hip fracture in older people. future research should focus on determining the most effective pharmacological intervention for hip fracture patients and also on identifying the most appropriate pharmacological interventions that may be most beneficial for these patients. note the four citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the conclusion of the full review once assessed. additionally the six citations in search of the best psychosognitive intervention for acute hip fracture are no longer in the works.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of a working detector at follow-up for children in high income countries. future research should focus on determining the best way to deliver such interventions. it is also important to determine the most effective method of delivering such interventions and to assess the cost-effectiveness of each intervention over other means of delivering these interventions. this review highlights the need for further research into the effectiveness and safety of different methods of delivering health services to children in low income countries with differing socioeconomic status.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of sodium bicarbonate for treating organophosphorous pesticide poisoning. future research should focus on determining the optimal dose duration duration duration and duration of ssa treatment and also on identifying the most effective pharmacological interventions for treating op poisoning. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the conclusion of the entire review once assessed. additional research is required to determine the best way of delivering ssa treatments to patients with op poisoning who are willing to take part in the treatment.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of advance directives for people with serious mental illness. further well-designed and reported randomised trials are needed to determine whether advance directives should be used for patients with severe mental illness in hospital. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the study once assessed. future research should focus on determining the most appropriate intervention for treating severe mental illnesses in hospital settings and also on identifying the best way to deliver this intervention.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of prophylactic indomethacin therapy in preterm infants with asymptomatic patent ductus arteriosus. further randomised clinical trials are needed to determine its role in the treatment of pda in this population. such trials should be of sufficient size to detect clinically important differences in mortality and long-term neurodevelopmental morbidity between the two groups. note the seven citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the study once assessed.
 in patients with mild to moderate asthma formoterol appears to be a safe and effective treatment option for both adults and children with stable asthma. however it is not clear whether the benefits are sustained beyond six months of follow-up. there is a need for large well-designed rcts to assess the long-term effects of formoterilator therapy on bronchial hyperreactivity and quality of life. future trials should also evaluate the safety profile of inhaled bronchodilator and its role in improving lung function and reducing mortality.
 home-based nursing interventions appear to be more effective than usual care in improving quality of life for hivinfected adults living in africa and south america. however there is insufficient evidence to determine whether home based nursing interventions are more effective or less effective than standard care. future research should focus on the long-term effects of these interventions on hiv infection and on identifying clinically important clinical outcomes such as mortality and morbidity that may be most important to patients.
 risperidone appears to be effective and well tolerated for treating severe tantrums aggression or self-injurious behavior in children with autistic disorder. however it is not clear whether this effect is sustained over time. further research is required to determine its place in everyday clinical practice. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed. there is a need for more robust randomised controlled trials to assess the efficacy and safety of these interventions in people with autism.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of postoperative surgery for women with advanced ovarian cancer. future research should focus on determining the best surgical intervention for this condition. in particular it should also assess the long-term survival and quality of life of women with metastatic ovarian cancer who are well enough to be able to receive chemotherapy and/or radiotherapy. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of shortwave diathermy ultrasound for knee osteoarthritis oa. further well designed and reported randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in the treatment of symptomatic knee oa with respect to functional status and quality of life. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in functional status at follow-up. future research should focus on determining the most effective treatment option for patients with knee osteoharthritis.
 ciclesonide and fluticasone appear to be equally effective in improving asthma symptom scores and rescue medication use in adults with mild to moderate asthma. however there is no evidence of differences in serious adverse events between the two drugs. further well-designed trials are needed to determine the relative effectiveness and safety of these medications in patients with persistent asthma. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of lateral view radiographs for treating musculoskeletal pain. further randomised clinical trials are needed to determine whether lateral view radographs are beneficial and safe in patients with mnd. these trials should be of sufficient size to detect clinically important differences in quality of life and cost between different types of radiograph. future research should focus on determining the best way of delivering lateral view therapy to patients with ms. such trials should also assess the long-term effects of lateral vision therapy on mortality and morbidity.
 tranexamic acid appears to be a safe and effective treatment option for patients requiring surgery for an isolated hip fracture of less than 48 h. however there is insufficient evidence to support its use as a first line treatment in the treatment of isolated hip fractures. further well designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in clinical practice. such trials should also evaluate the long-term effects on patient satisfaction with treatment and cost-effectiveness. future research should also assess the impact on health-related quality of life and costs.
 there is some evidence that follow-up interventions targeting visual acuity are associated with a reduction in the risk of falling. however these findings should be interpreted with caution due to the small number of studies and the high risk of bias in the included trials. future research should focus on determining the most effective method of screening for vision impairment in older people. it is also important to note that this review was based on only one study which had a very small sample size so we could not draw any conclusions about the relative effectiveness of each intervention.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of any contraceptive method for women with a history of hamedan iran. further research is needed to determine the best contraceptive methods for this population. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the study once assessed. future research should focus on determining the most appropriate contraceptive method and its cost-effectiveness as well as improving the quality of life of women using it.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of seizure avoidance strategies in epilepsy patients with epilepsy. future research should focus on determining the most effective seizure avoidance strategy for epilepsy patients who are at high risk of seizure loss and whether this strategy is associated with a reduction in seizure frequency when compared to control groups such as epilepsy clinicians and healthcare providers. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of teletherapy for hiv-infected persons in rural areas. future research should focus on determining the most effective and safest methods of delivering electrotherapy to people living with hiv/aids. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.there is a need for more robust randomised clinical trials that are adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in outcomes between different types of electrotherapeutic interventions.
 topical antibiotic ointment appears to be a promising treatment option for treating traumatic corneal abrasions. however there is insufficient evidence to determine whether it is more effective than topical antibiotic or topical antibiotic alone. further well designed randomised controlled trials are needed to assess the effectiveness of topical antibiotic and topical antibiotic in treating traumatic ceds. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in healing rates between the two treatments. future research should also evaluate the cost-effectiveness of topical antibiotics compared with either topical or topical antibiotics.
 triflusal appears to be superior to aspirin in the prevention of major vascular events after stroke and tia. however there is insufficient evidence to determine its relative efficacy or safety when compared to other antiplatelet agents such as ibuprofen or clicyclic acid. further randomised controlled trials are needed to establish its relative safety and long-term effectiveness before firm conclusions can be drawn regarding its relative effectiveness and safety. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of interlock licensing restrictions for alcohol-related traffic offenses. further randomised trials are needed to determine whether interlock license restrictions are more effective than interlock License restrictions in terms of safety and tolerability. such trials should be adequately powered with a large sample size and follow-up period. future trials should also evaluate the effects of interlocking licensing restrictions on alcohol abuse and other serious adverse effects.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of topical phenytoin for treating leprosy ulcer disease. further randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in treatment of this condition. these trials should be of sufficient size to detect a clinically important difference in wound healing between the two treatments. future trials should also assess the long-term effects on ulcer volume reduction and quality of life as well as the cost-effectiveness of each treatment.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of spinal manipulation for treating primary dysmenorrhoea. further large well-designed and reported randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its place in everyday clinical practice. such trials should be conducted with a focus on women's satisfaction with treatment and cost-effectiveness. future research should also evaluate the impact of spyridonea on health-related quality of life as well as safety and tolerability.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of botulinum toxin type b in the treatment of cervical dystonia. large well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in clinical practice. such trials should be conducted with a focus on patient satisfaction and cost-effectiveness. future trials should also evaluate the effect of botulum toxin types b on quality of life as well as other outcomes such as pain disability disability disability quality health service utilisation and qualityof life.
 cranberry juice appears to be a safe and effective treatment option for neurogenic bladder infections. however there is insufficient evidence to determine whether cranberry has an advantage over other antibiotic prophylaxis options in terms of the risk of uti or symptomatic uti compared with placebo. further well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to confirm these findings. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.
 teriflunomide appears to be a safe and effective treatment option for patients with relapsing rms. however there is insufficient evidence to support its use in clinical practice. further randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its safety and tolerability. these trials should be of sufficient size to detect clinically important differences in the risk of relapse or disability progression between different doses and regimens. future trials should also assess the long-term efficacy and safety of both treatments as well as the cost-effectiveness of each intervention.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of scmu in patients with acute stroke. future research should focus on determining whether scmu is more effective than a conventional stroke unit in terms of patient satisfaction and quality of life after stroke and its complications. it is also important to determine if scmu can be used as a first line treatment for acute stroke patients who are at high risk of developing complications of immobility following stroke. this review highlights the need for well designed adequately powered randomised controlled clinical trials to evaluate scmu's effect on mortality and long-term neurodevelopmental outcomes.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of pharmacological treatment for smokeless tobacco users to quit. future research should focus on identifying effective pharmacological treatments that are most effective in promoting long-term smoking cessation among st users and those with a high prevalence of st. this review highlights the need for further well-designed randomised controlled clinical trials to determine the best pharmacological intervention for smoking cessation. such trials should be conducted in settings where pharmacological therapy is not readily available.
 the sensitivity and specificity of dse for identifying cad in end-stage renal disease is similar to that of other agents such as psv and cimt. however dse may be more sensitive than psv. further research is needed to determine whether dse has a clinically important impact on mortality and long-term morbidity. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.
 general anaesthesia performed under local anaesthesia appears to be safe and effective in reducing the rate of postoperative cardiac complications. however this conclusion is limited by the small number of patients studied and the high risk of bias in the trials. further well designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the relative safety and effectiveness of both techniques for treating carotid endarterectomy. these trials should also assess the cost-effectiveness of each technique as well as the long-term benefits and harms associated with each technique.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of bont-a for treating chronic musculoskeletal foot pain in children. further well designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine whether bont/bonta is an effective treatment option for this condition. such trials should be conducted with a large sample size and long term follow-up of at least six months to assess the effect of bant-a on quality of life.
 massage therapy appears to be an effective treatment for chronic low-back pain. however there is a need for further well-designed trials with long-term follow-up before firm conclusions can be drawn about the effectiveness of massage therapy in chronic low back pain. future research should focus on determining whether massage therapy is more or less effective than other forms of medical treatment for this condition. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the conclusion of the full review once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of bite-blockers in the treatment of turkish children with skeletal anterior mouth malocclusion. future research should focus on determining the most appropriate form of bite blockers for treating turkish adults with muscle anterior growth and/or skeletal vertical anomalies. it is also important to develop a well-designed adequately powered randomised controlled trial comparing different types and lengths of bites-blocks to determine whether they are more or less effective than other forms of dental care.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of any of the contraceptive methods used in antenatal care. future research should focus on determining the best contraceptive method for women and their babies. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the conclusion once assessed.there is a need for further well-conducted randomised controlled trials with large sample sizes to determine the most effective contraceptive methods for mothers and their infants.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of prophylactic antibiotic treatment in newborn infants with a central venous staphylococcal sepsis. further randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the optimal antibiotic regime for this population. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed. until such time as more robust evidence is available clinicians should be cautious when prescribing antibiotic treatment to newborn infants at high risk of infection.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of topical vitamin d for treating epilepsy. further well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in treatment of epilepsy. such trials should be adequately powered with a large sample size and long term follow-up before they can be recommended for clinical practice. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed. future research should focus on determining the most appropriate dose and duration of treatment and on identifying the most effective route of administration of vitamin d.
 there is some evidence that internet weight loss programmes are effective in achieving weight loss. however this conclusion is based on only a small number of trials and the quality of the evidence is low. further research is needed to determine whether these programs are more effective than other weight loss interventions for people at risk of type 2 diabetes or if they are more cost-effective than self-directed programmes. future research should also assess the long-term effects of these interventions on health-related quality of life and morbidity.
 in patients with non-diabetic nephropathy and nephrotic range albuminuria there is no evidence to support or refute the use of an ace inhibitor over spironolactone for treating this condition. further randomised controlled trials are needed to determine whether ace inhibitors are more effective than controls in treating these patients. such trials should be of sufficient size to detect clinically important differences in serum albumin clearance and serum volume between ace inhibitors and controls.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of fluid intake in preterm infants with congestive heart failure. further randomised controlled trials are needed to determine whether fluid intake is an effective treatment for ventilated heart failure in premature infants. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in mortality morbidity and long-term morbidity between infants and infants with a patent ductus arteriosus. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the study once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of antihypertensive drugs for treating hypertension during pregnancy. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the entire review once assessed. future research should focus on determining the optimal dose and duration of treatment and on identifying the most effective route of administration and timing of administration. note also the 23 citations in search of the best clinical practice guidelines www.consort-statement.org/).
 in patients with moderate to moderately severe ulcerative colitis infliximab appears to be an effective treatment option for steroid-refractory disease. however there is a need for further randomised clinical trials to determine its role in the management of this condition. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in mortality and morbidity between groups. future trials should also assess the long-term effects on patient-centred colitis and examine the impact on quality of life.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of influenza vaccination in long-term care patients. further well-designed and reported randomised controlled trials are needed to determine whether influenza vaccination has a beneficial effect on mortality and health-related quality of life for residents living in nursing homes. such trials should be conducted in nursing home settings where influenza vaccination coverage is provided by health professionals. future research should also assess the impact of vaccination coverage on health service utilisation and cost-effectiveness. these findings should be interpreted with caution as they are based on only a small number of studies.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of psychosocial interventions for reducing alcohol consumption in pregnant women. future research should focus on determining the most effective and safest pharmacological intervention for lowering alcohol consumption during pregnancy. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusionsof the review once assessed. further research is required to determine the best pharmacological approach to managing alcohol consumption among pregnant women at greatest risk.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of polyethylene glycol for treating constipation in children. large well-designed and reported randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its place in everyday clinical practice. such trials should be undertaken with a focus on improving quality of life and reducing the risk of serious adverse events. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of hiv prevention interventions for sexual workers in areas where condom use is high. further research is needed to determine whether hiv preventive interventions are more effective than control groups in preventing sexual transmitted diseases and if they are more cost-effective compared with control groups. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.there is a need for large well-conducted randomised controlled trials to assess the effectiveness of these interventions in reducing sexual transmitted disease among sex workers.
 the use of a sliding hip screw for extramedullary femoral fractures appears to be associated with a lower incidence of postoperative blood loss and a higher rate of fracture recurrence. however there is insufficient evidence to support or refute its use as a first line treatment for unstable trochanteric femoral injuries. further well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine whether a single technique is superior to another in terms of patient satisfaction and safety.
 cbt appears to be an effective treatment option for patients with dsm-iv bipolar disorder. however this conclusion is based on a small number of trials and the results are not generalisable to other clinical domains such as quality of life and cost. there is a need for further well-conducted randomised controlled trials in this area before firm conclusions can be drawn regarding the effectiveness of cbt in preventing relapse from bd. future research should also focus on determining its place in everyday clinical practice.
 there is currently insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of fluoride supplements for children with high caries and cleft lip and/or palate. further well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine whether fluoride supplements should be used for children at high risk of low caries in settings where water fluoridation is introduced. these trials should be of sufficient size to detect a clinically important difference in dmft increment over placebo or liquid fluorides. future research should focus on determining the optimal dose and duration of oral fluoride supplements as well as assessing the cost and safety of each product.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the superiority of ciprofloxacin over chloramphenicol for treating symptomatic typhoid fever in vientiane laos. further well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the relative effectiveness and safety of different antibiotic regimens in treating patients with symptomatic tetracycline. such trials should be conducted in areas where antimetabolites are resistant to antibiotics.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of oral antireflux therapy for bronchial asthma and gastroesophageal reflux. large well-conducted randomised controlled trials are needed to determine whether this treatment is beneficial for patients with chronic lung disease who may benefit from inhaled corticosteroid therapy. these trials should be of sufficient size to detect a clinically important difference in pulmonary function fev1 peak expiratory flow rate at 1:1 and 2:1 respectively.
 dobutamine is more effective than dopamine in treating hypotension preterm infants with respiratory distress syndrome. however the clinical importance of this effect is unknown. there is a need for further randomised controlled trials to determine the optimal dose duration duration duration and duration of dosing and the long-term benefits and harms of both treatments. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in mortality and morbidity between the two treatments. future trials should also assess the safety of both drugs and their cost-effectiveness.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the routine use of chloroquine for treating plasmodium vivax malaria in mumbai india. further randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the optimal regimen and duration of treatment and to assess the cost-effectiveness of each regimen. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in efficacy and safety between different classes of antirelapse therapy. future trials should also evaluate the effect of combination treatment with other treatments including tafenoquine and primaquine on recurrence.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of polyunsaturated fatty acid in clinical practice. large well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in clinical decision making. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in mortality and cardiovascular morbidity between patients with stable claudication and those with unstable claudications. future trials should also assess the long-term effects of this intervention on quality of life and cost-effectiveness.
 the combination of ibuprofen 400 mg and acetaminophen 1000 mg appears to be effective in treating moderate to severe postpartum pain. however there is a need for further well designed randomised controlled trials with long-term follow-up before firm conclusions can be drawn regarding the relative effectiveness and safety of these drugs. such trials should be conducted in the context of adequate numbers of patients and duration of action. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the study once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of tai chi for preventing injuries in people aged 65 years and older. further well-conducted randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in preventing injuries among adults and children. such trials should be of high methodological rigour with a focus on quality of life and cost-effectiveness. future research should also address long-term outcomes such as mortality and morbidity. these findings should be interpreted with caution due to the small number of studies included in this review and the low risk of bias.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of a splint therapy for treating temporomandibular dysfunction. future research should focus on determining the most effective splint treatment approach and whether it is more effective than other splints in treating this condition. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full text of the entire review once assessed. we therefore recommend that new trials are carried out before the end of the study period.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of hdct in patients with relapsed and resistant hdgkin's disease. further randomised clinical trials are needed to determine its role in improving survival and progression-free survival in these patients. such trials should also assess the long-term benefits and harms associated with treatment failure. future trials should be adequately powered to detect a clinically important difference in survival and quality of life among patients treated for relapsed or resistant hl.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of omega-3 fatty acids for treating cancer-associated wasting disease. further well designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine whether omega 3 fatty acids should be used in this setting. these trials should also assess the long-term effects of omega 3 supplementation on quality of life and mortality in patients with metastatic cancer. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in mortality morbidity and morbidity among patients with cancer.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of intracytoplasmic sperm injection for non-male-factor infertility. further randomised clinical trials are needed to determine its role in this condition. such trials should be of sufficient size to detect clinically important differences in implantation rate and implantation rates between different subgroups of couples. future research should focus on determining the optimal dose and duration of intramuscular injections as well as assessing the cost-effectiveness of each intervention.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of social skills training for children with cancer and their families. future research should focus on determining the most appropriate social skills education type of intervention and its cost-effectiveness. in particular future studies should be designed to assess the best way to deliver these interventions to young people with cancer. such trials should also address the impact of social skill training on health-related quality of life and service utilisation.
 laparoscopic colorectal resection appears to be as safe and effective as open surgery for treating rectal cancer. however it is associated with a higher incidence of long-term complications such as gastrointestinal bleeding and gastrointestinal toxicity. the clinical significance of these findings is uncertain. further well designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the relative benefits and harms of both procedures in terms of recurrence rate and overall mortality. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of highfrequency jet ventilation in preterm infants with uncomplicated rds. further randomised clinical trials are needed to determine whether high frequency jet ventilation has a beneficial effect on mortality and long-term neurodevelopmental outcomes. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in neonatal mortality and morbidity between different modes of ventilated infant ventilation and other forms of respiratory distress syndrome.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of acupuncture for treating acute stroke patients with moderate or severe functional impairment. further randomised controlled trials are needed to determine whether acupuncture is beneficial for acute stroke and its complications. these trials should be of sufficient size to detect clinically important differences in outcome measures such as length of hospital stay and quality of life. future trials should also assess the long-term effects of acupuncture on chronic stroke and other neurologic impairment.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of 6-methylprednisolone therapy for acute gvhd patients. further randomised clinical trials are needed to determine its role in the treatment of acute g vhd. these trials should be of sufficient size to detect a clinically important difference in survival between short and long-term treatment with 6-m2 dosing and higher doses of 3.5 mg/kg/day.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of hypertonic saline solution for treating prostatic hypertrophy during spinal anaesthesia. further well designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its place in clinical practice. such trials should be of sufficient size to detect clinically important differences in mortality and morbidity between hs and normal saline solutions. these trials should also assess the safety of hypertonsic saline solutions compared with normal saline solution.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of local steroid injection for treating idiopathic carpal tunnel syndrome. further randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the effectiveness and safety of this intervention in cts. these trials should also address the long-term complications associated with chronic cts such as sedation and length of stay. future trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in quality of life and patient satisfaction between treatment options.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of uterine leiomyoma surgery in premenopausal women. further randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in clinical practice. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed. future research should focus on determining the optimal treatment schedule and duration of treatment and on identifying the most effective treatment options for this condition.
 artemether appears to be a safe and effective treatment option for severe malaria. however there is insufficient evidence to support its use as an alternative to quinine in treating patients with severe falciparum malaria. further large well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the optimal treatment regime for this condition. these trials should also assess the long-term effects of antimalarial therapy on quality of life and cost-effectiveness.
 fluvoxamine appears to be an efficacious treatment option for children and adolescents with ocd. however there is insufficient evidence to support its use as a first-line treatment for children or adolescents with obsessive compulsive disorder. future research should focus on identifying the most effective pharmacological treatment option that may be most effective in children and adolescent anxiety disorders. it is also important to determine the best route of administration and duration of treatment and to assess the long-term efficacy of this treatment option.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of prophylactic treatment with antibiotics for treating bacteriuria in women undergoing surgery. large well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the role of antibiotic treatment in preventing bacteriological tract infection in women who have had a previous history of urinary tract infection. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed. future research should focus on determining the optimal dose and duration of treatment as well as the cost-effectiveness of each treatment.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of pharmacological interventions for treating women at risk of abuse or in abusive relationships. further research is needed to determine whether pharmacologic interventions are more effective than pharmacological treatments for women at high risk of sexual abuse or if they should be used as a first line treatment option. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed. additionally the citation of the seven citations in search of the most effective pharmacological intervention is no longer available.
 ibuprofen foam dressing appears to be an effective analgesic in treating venous leg ulcers. however there is a need for further well-designed randomised controlled trials to determine its role in the management of venous wound pain. these trials should also assess the long-term effects of ibuprafen foam dressings and other medical treatments such as oral prednisolone and debridement. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the conclusion once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of heparin for treating postoperative orthopedic patients with low-molecular-weight lmwh. further well designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its place in everyday clinical practice. such trials should be performed in settings with high risk of bias and a long-term follow-up of at least six months before any definitive conclusions can be made regarding its role in this population. future research should focus on determining the most effective treatment option for preoperative orthopaedic patients.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of furosemide for treating transient tachypnoea in neonatal infants. further randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in the management of transient tachyypnea and its complications. such trials should be of sufficient size to detect a clinically important difference in the duration of hospital admission and long-term neonatal hospital stay. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the study once assessed.
 metformin and rosiglitazone are effective in reducing glycemic control in patients with type 2 diabetes but the clinical importance of this is unclear. metformi may be associated with a higher risk of developing metabolic syndrome however there is no evidence to support its use as a monotherapy for people with diabetes or metabolic syndrome. further well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the optimal dose and duration of treatment and to assess the safety profile of both agents. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of botulinum toxin type b for sialorrhea refractory to medical therapy. large well designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in clinical practice. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in mortality and morbidity between patients and their carers. future research should also assess the effect of botulum toxin types b for ssialorrhe on quality of life and cost-effectiveness as well as patient satisfaction.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of serotonin receptor blockers for treating raynaud's phenomenon. further well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine whether serotonin receptor blocker is effective in treating this phenomenon. these trials should be of sufficient size to detect a clinically important difference in serum blood flow and subjective outcomes between the two agents. future research should also assess the safety of these agents as well as the long-term efficacy of these drugs in reducing the frequency and severity of attacks.
 at present there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of benztropine for treating relapse of schizophrenia in people with stable schizophrenia. further well-conducted and reported randomised trials are needed to determine its role in preventing relapse and re-recurrence of schizophrenia. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed. future research should focus on determining the optimal dose and duration of treatment as well as long-term follow-up.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of mechanical chest compressions in cf patients. further well designed and reported randomised clinical trials are needed to determine the best technique for treating cf patients with cystic fibrosis. such trials should be conducted in a high quality trial that has a long-term follow-up period of at least six months. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.
 home-based water sanitation programmes are effective in preventing diarrhoeal disease in rural areas of africa. however there is a need for large well-conducted randomised controlled trials to confirm these findings. such trials should focus on identifying the most effective and safest methods of water sanitation programs that can be used to prevent diarrhoea in rural settings. future research should also assess the cost-effectiveness of home based water sanitation interventions particularly those aimed at reducing exposure to faecal coliform bacteria.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of visual acuity extractions in chronic or chronic angle-closure glaucoma. further randomised clinical trials are needed to determine the best technique for performing visual aculectomy in chronic and chronic eye disease. these trials should be of sufficient size to detect a clinically important difference in outcome between the two groups. future studies should also assess the cost-effectiveness of each intervention and the long-term effectiveness of each procedure.
 quetiapine and ziprasidone appear to be effective in treating schizophrenia schizoaffective disorder or schizophreniform disorder. however there is a need for further well-designed randomised controlled trials with long-term follow-up before firm conclusions can be drawn about their efficacy. future research should also focus on determining the most appropriate dose and duration of treatment as well as the best way to deliver these findings. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence from randomised controlled trials to support or refute the use of endoventricular treatment for posthaemorrhagic hydrocephalus. large well-designed and reported randomised clinical trials are needed to determine the best treatment option for this condition. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in neonatal mortality morbidity and long-term neurodevelopmental outcomes. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the original review once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of corticosteroids for treating paraquat poisoning. further randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the role of corticoosteroids in treating acute pao2 and its complications. such trials should be of sufficient size to detect clinically important differences in mortality and morbidity between the two groups. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.
 at present there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of pharmacological agents for treating tardive dyskinesia in people with dsm-iv schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder. further randomised clinical trials are needed to determine the role of pharmacologic agents in treating patients with chronic disease. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed. a large well-designed randomised controlled trial is carried out.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of psychostimulants in chronic schizophrenia. further randomised clinical trials are needed to determine whether psychostemulants are more or less effective than placebo for chronic schizophrenia and to assess their effect on other important outcomes such as quality of life and service use. these trials should be adequately powered with a large sample size and long-term follow-up period. future research should also evaluate the effects of psychotherapy on quality of daily living and cost-effectiveness. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the conclusion of the study once assessed.
 homeopathy appears to be a safe and effective treatment option for mild to moderate asthma. however there is insufficient evidence to support its use as an adjunct to conventional asthma treatment. further research is needed to determine its place in everyday clinical practice. the role of homeopathy in chronic asthma should also be explored. future research should focus on identifying the most effective interventions that may be most effective for this condition. it is also important to address the question of whether homeopathy is safe and well-tolerated in children with mild to moderately asthma.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the routine use of iodised salt in the treatment of children with goitre. further randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in the management of children and young people with iodine deficiency. such trials should be of sufficient size to detect a clinically important difference in mortality and morbidity between women and children. future research should also assess the long-term effects of iodine supplementation on growth and quality of life for both mother and baby.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of corticosteroids in the treatment of sinonasal polyposis. further well designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the optimal dose duration duration duration and duration of steroids for treating sinonazal polyps. such trials should be conducted in nasal polyps with a large number of participants and follow-up periods. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the study once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of oral cobalamin treatment for patients with megaloblastic anemia. further well designed and reported randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the best treatment option for this condition. such trials should be undertaken in the context of a large number of patients and follow-up period. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.
 naltrexone combined with other psychotherapeutic interventions appears to be a promising treatment option for people with alcohol dependence and comorbid alcohol problems. however there is insufficient evidence to support its use as an add-on treatment for patients with severe alcohol dependence. future research should focus on the long-term effects of these interventions on mortality and quality of life. in addition future trials should also evaluate the effect of combining pharmacotherapies with other treatments such as benzodiazepines and antidepressants on re-offending.
 alpha-blockers appear to be more effective than naftopidil for the treatment of bph. however these findings are based on only a small number of trials and therefore it is not possible to draw firm conclusions about their effectiveness. further well designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the optimal alpha2 adrenoceptor agonist regimen for treating bph in patients with lower urinary tract symptoms. such trials should also assess the long-term effects of alpha1 adreno receptor agonists on patient satisfaction and quality of life.
 topical antibiotics appear to be more effective than vehicle in eradicating bacterial conjunctivitis. however there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of topical antibiotics in clinical practice. further large well-designed and reported randomised controlled trials are needed to determine whether topical antibiotics are superior to vehicle in treating bacterial conjunctureivitis in primary care settings. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in antibiotic efficacy and safety between different types of antibiotic.
 progressive resistance training appears to be an effective exercise program in improving muscle strength and endurance in healthy older adults. however there is insufficient evidence to support its use as a general physical training option for healthy older people. further large well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to confirm these findings. such trials should be of high methodological rigour and report results according to the consort guidelines www.consort-statement.org/). future research should also assess the long-term effects on quality of life and cost-effectiveness.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of thromboembolic surgery in patients with tbi and severe blunt polytrauma. further well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the optimal treatment schedule and duration of surgery in these patients. such trials should be undertaken in the context of a large number of patients at high risk of bias and long-term follow-up. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.
 steam inhalation appears to be effective in alleviation of nasal resistances in the common cold. however there is insufficient evidence to support its use as an adjuvant treatment for rv cold symptoms. further well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in relieving nasal congestion and improving nasal patency in patients with rvcold symptoms. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the study once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of y-set systems for treating peritonitis in capd patients. further randomised clinical trials are needed to determine whether y-se systems are more or less effective than y-sse systems in treating pd patients with a variety of infections. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in mortality and morbidity between different methods of dialysis. future research should focus on determining the most appropriate method of dosing and duration of hospitalization and also on identifying the most effective dosing system that may be most effective.
 there is insufficient evidence from randomised controlled trials to determine whether inhaled metaproterenol or icholinergics are more effective in treating asthma than atropine sulfate alone. further large well-designed and reported randomised clinical trials are needed to establish the relative effectiveness of these drugs for treating asthma. such trials should be conducted in children with acute asthma who have been diagnosed with mild bronchoconstriction prior to the onset of severe asthma.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of oral protein energy supplements in children with cystic fibrosis. further well designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine whether oral protein supplements are beneficial for children with cf and mild lung disease who are moderately malnourished. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in nutritional status and quality of life between children and adults with cf. future research should also assess the effect of these interventions on long-term growth and mortality.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of hypnotic induction for women with severe depression following birth. further trials are needed to determine its role in women with serious depression and its complications. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the study once assessed. future research should focus on determining the most effective treatment option for women who have severe depression after birth and on defining the most appropriate treatment option.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of hyperbaric oxygen hbot in burn burn center population patients. further randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in burn centre population survivors. such trials should be of sufficient size to detect clinically important differences in mortality and long-term morbidity between patients and their carers. these trials should also assess the effect of inhbot on mortality and length of stay for burns burn center populations.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of gonadotrophin-releasing hormone for treating polycystic ovarian disease. further randomised clinical trials are needed to determine its role in treating pcos. such trials should be conducted with a large sample size and follow-up period. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the study once assessed. future research should focus on determining the optimal regimen and dosage duration of treatment as well as assessing the cost-effectiveness of each regimen.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of oral antibiotics for treating pyelonephritis during pregnancy. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the conclusion once assessed. future research should focus on determining the best antibiotic regimen for treating this painful condition in pregnancy and also on identifying the most effective antibiotic regimen that can be used to treat this condition. it is recommended that further trials are carried out with larger sample sizes and longer follow-up periods.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of haloperidol for treating schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder. large well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its place in everyday clinical practice. such trials should be of sufficient size to detect clinically important differences in clinical outcome between different doses and duration of treatment. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of non-barrier methods for hiv prevention in areas with a high prevalence of sti. further research is needed to determine the best method of contraception for women with sti and whether it is more cost effective than other methods of hiv treatment. note the 24 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the conclusion once assessed. future research should focus on determining the most appropriate contraceptive method for sti prevention in settings with high prevalence and low test requirements.
 oral parenteral antibiotics are effective in treating chronic staphylococcal osteomyelitis caused by susceptible organisms. however there is a need for further well-conducted randomised controlled trials to determine the best antibiotic therapy for this condition. these trials should be of sufficient size to detect clinically important differences in clinical response between oral and oral antibiotics. future trials should also assess the long-term safety of both agents and whether they are more or less effective than each other.
 there is some evidence that multidisciplinary discharge planning can reduce hospital admissions and length of stay in patients with congestive heart failure. however this conclusion is based on only a small number of trials and it is not possible to draw firm conclusions about the relative benefits and harms of such interventions. future research should focus on determining the most effective approach to discharge planning for patients at high risk of rehospitalisation and on identifying the most cost-effective intervention.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of salt restriction for reducing blood pressure in people with mild to moderate hypertension. further well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine whether salt restriction affects mortality and morbidity. such trials should be of sufficient size to detect clinically important reductions in blood pressure. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed. future research should focus on determining the best way of lowering blood pressure among hypertensive patients.
 at present there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of naltrexone in the treatment of people with pip syndrome. further randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in clinical practice. such trials should be of sufficient size to detect a clinically important difference in mortality and morbidity between patients with mild to moderate disease and those with more severe disease. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the original review once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of gnrh agonist therapy for women with endometriosis. further randomised clinical trials are needed to determine its role in treating endometriumosis. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the study once assessed. future research should also address the question of whether gonadotropin-releasing hormone analogs should be used as a first line treatment for women undergoing oocyte retrieval and if so an adjuvant treatment option.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of adalimumab maintenance therapy for crohn's disease. large well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in maintaining clinical response and maintaining clinical remission in patients with moderate to severe crohn´s disease. such trials should be conducted in a high quality trial with long-term follow-up of at least six months to assess the effectiveness of each treatment option.
 intracervical pge2 gel appears to be an effective induction agent for women at high risk of labour induction. however there is insufficient evidence to support its use in clinical practice. further research is needed to determine the best route of application and duration of cervical ripening. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.there is a need for more robust randomised controlled trials with larger sample sizes and longer follow-up periods before firm conclusions can be drawn regarding the effectiveness of this intervention for induction of labour.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of herbal herbs for influenza-like symptoms. further randomised clinical trials are needed to determine whether herbal herbs are effective in treating influenza infection. these trials should be adequately powered with a large sample size and long-term follow-up before they can be recommended for clinical practice. future research should also assess the effects of herbal medicines on mortality and morbidity. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the conclusion of the study once assessed.
 there is no evidence to support or refute the use of ar in patients with colorectal cancer. this review highlights the need for well-designed and reported randomised controlled clinical trials that are adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in quality of life and mortality between different resection operations. such trials should be conducted in a country with a high risk of bias so that they can be used as an adjuvant to other resection options.
 fluconazole and itraconazole are effective in achieving clinical cure in cancer patients with oropharyngeal candidiasis. however there is a need for large well-designed randomised controlled trials to determine the relative effectiveness and safety of these treatments. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in cure rates between the two treatments. future research should also assess the long-term effects of each treatment on quality of life and mortality.
 carbamazepine appears to be a promising treatment option for patients with severe distal symmetrical dpn. however there is insufficient evidence to support its use as an adjuvant to medical therapy. further well-conducted and reported randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in the treatment of painful dpn especially if it is prescribed by a physician or a trained neurologist. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in efficacy and safety between different drugs. future trials should also assess the effect of combination therapy on quality of life and duration of treatment.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of calcium channel blocker therapy for treating subarachnoid hemorrhage. further randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in reducing the risk of dci and dci after sah. these trials should be of sufficient size to detect a clinically important difference in dci severity between patients treated with nimodipine and placebo. future trials should also assess the effect of calcium receptor blocker treatment on dci as well as other neurosurgical complications.
 oral leukoplakia in kerala india appears to be a promising treatment option for high-risk patients with high levels of oral mucosa. however this conclusion is limited by the small number of trials and the lack of data on long-term adverse effects. further well-designed rcts are needed to determine the optimal route of administration and duration of treatment and to assess the safety profile of these agents. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.
 this review suggests that collaborative care is effective in reducing the number of patients taking antidepressant medication and increasing referral to specialist care services. however there is a need for large well-designed trials with long-term follow-up before firm conclusions can be drawn about the effectiveness of co-operative care interventions in treating depression. future research should focus on determining the most appropriate type of multi-centre intervention and its cost-effectiveness as well as patient satisfaction and quality of life compared to usual care.
 vigabatrin appears to be an effective and safe treatment for refractory partial seizures but its safety profile is not known. further well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in the treatment of epilepsy. such trials should also address the long-term effects on quality of life as well as adverse events. future trials should focus on determining the optimal dose and duration of treatment and seizure frequency. these trials should include a large number of patients with drug-resistant epilepsy who may wish to control their epilepsy.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of sterile water blocks for treating women with severe low-back pain during labour. further research is needed to determine whether sterile water block is more effective than normal saline in treating pregnant women with very severe low back pain. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the conclusion of the entire review once assessed.there is a need for well-designed adequately powered randomised controlled trials that are sufficiently powered to detect clinically important differences in pain scores between mother and baby.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute early intervention programs in preterm infants. future research should focus on determining whether early intervention programmes are beneficial for newborn infants at risk of developing cp and the long-term neurodevelopmental outcome measures that are important to parents and carers. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.there is a need for further well-designed randomised controlled trials with adequate power to detect clinically important differences in both clinical and developmental outcomes.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the routine placement of a fixed appliance in orthodontic settings. future research should focus on determining the best way to deliver this intervention and also on identifying the most effective method of delivering it to patients with high risk of complications such as dental arrhythmias and long-term adverse effects. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the study once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of scs for treating non-reconstructible paod. further large randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in treating this condition. such trials should be of sufficient size to detect clinically important differences in pain relief and long-term survival between patients with a variety of chronic leg ischaemia and those with low risk of developing diabetes mellitus. future research should focus on determining the optimal scs dosage and duration of stimulation and also on identifying the most effective scs stimulation technique.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of hypothermia in acute stroke. further well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in this condition. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed. future research should also address long-term outcomes such as mortality and quality of life. these should be taken into account when making decisions about the best treatment option for acute stroke patients.
 imipramine appears to be more effective than placebo in treating dysthymic disorder. however the clinical significance of these findings is uncertain. further well-designed and reported randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its efficacy and safety. such trials should also assess the long-term effects of imiprazine and moclobemide compared with placebo for treating dystymic disorders as well as their potential adverse effects on mood and quality of life.
 varenicline appears to be a safe and effective pharmacological treatment option for smoking cessation but its safety profile is not clear. further trials are needed to determine its place in the long-term maintenance phase of smoking cessation. there is a need for large well-conducted randomised controlled trials with adequate sample size to detect clinically important differences in mortality and morbidity among smokers and their carers. such trials should also assess the impact on health-related quality of life as well as cost-effectiveness. future studies should also evaluate the effects on cardiovascular morbidity and mortality.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of the pringle maneuver during liver resection. further large randomised clinical trials are needed to determine its role in hepatic resection and its complications. such trials should be of sufficient size to detect a clinically important difference in mortality and morbidity between patients undergoing liver resections and those who do not wish to undergo surgery. these trials should also assess the safety of the interventions used for hepatic re-section.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of chest physiotherapy in cystic fibrosis. further large well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its place in everyday clinical practice. such trials should be conducted with a focus on outcomes such as lung function quality of life and pulmonary exacerbations that are clinically important to patients and clinicians. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of cold therapy in total knee arthroplasty patients. further randomised controlled trials are needed to determine whether cold therapy is an effective treatment option for this condition. these trials should be of sufficient size to detect clinically important differences in pain and function between different modalities. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the study once assessed. future research should focus on determining the most effective cold therapy technique for total knee osteoarthritis.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of any specific cannulation technique for ercp. further well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the best cannulation method in ercp patients. such trials should be conducted with a large sample size and follow-up period to establish the relative effectiveness of different methods of biliary cannulation. future trials should also assess the safety of each method. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.
 methotrexate appears to be more effective than 6-mercaptopurine for induction of remission in crohn's disease cd patients with chronic active cd. however the clinical significance of these findings is uncertain. there is a need for well-designed and reported randomised controlled trials to determine its role in inducing remission in ibd patients. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in efficacy and tolerability between different doses and regimens. future trials should also assess the impact on quality of life and adverse events.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of cava filters in treating proximal deep-vein thrombosis. further large well designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the role of cva filters in reducing pulmonary embolism in patients with proximaldeep-veina thromboosis. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in mortality and morbidity between different classes of patients. future research should also assess the impact of cana filters on long-term survival and quality of life.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of aerobic exercise for children with learning disabilities. further research is needed to determine whether aerobic exercise has a beneficial effect on physical fitness and self-esteem in young people. future research should focus on determining the most appropriate aerobic exercise program for children who are at risk of developing freeplay. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of exercise training for people on hemodialysis. future research should focus on determining whether exercise training is beneficial for patients with chronic kidney disease and if so on improving quality of life in terms of physical function and cardiovascular health-related mortality. this review highlights the need for further well-conducted randomised controlled clinical trials that are adequately powered to assess the effects of exercise programmes on physical function in people with ckd. such trials should be conducted in settings where exercise training can be carried out.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of augmentation therapy for patients with alpha1-antitrypsin deficiency. further randomised controlled trials are needed to determine whether augmentation treatment is beneficial and safe in this population. such trials should be performed in clinical settings where a large number of patients have been studied. future research should also evaluate the effects of augment therapy on quality of life as well as cost-effectiveness and patient satisfaction.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of partial pulpotomy for the treatment of pectoris in adults. further well designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine whether partial pulp exposure is associated with increased risk of developing disease. such trials should be performed at a time of high risk of dental decay and low risk of publication bias before definitive conclusions can be made regarding the effectiveness of partial pulp therapy for this purpose. future research should focus on determining the best technique for complete removal of carious lesions in permanent molars.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of electromagnetic therapy for chronic neck pain syndrome. future research should focus on determining the most effective treatment option and the best way to deliver this treatment. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed. additional research is required to determine the most appropriate treatment option for acute neck pain. a large well-designed randomised controlled trial is also needed to establish the optimal treatment regime.
 at present there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of oral corticosteroids in the treatment of alzheimer's disease. further well designed and reported randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the role of these agents in the management of this condition. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed. additional research should also be undertaken to determine whether they have an important impact on quality of life.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the routine use of corticosteroids for treating preterm infants with respiratory distress syndrome. further large randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the optimal dose duration duration duration and duration of treatment and safety of these interventions. note the 23 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed. future research should also address the long-term effects of these treatments on maternal and neonatal morbidity and mortality.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of arthroplasty for treating primary osteoarthritis of the trapeziometacarpal joint. further randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in treating primary oarthritis and other chronic pain conditions. such trials should be adequately powered with a focus on patient satisfaction quality of life and cost-effectiveness. future trials should also evaluate the safety of arroplasty compared with abductor pollicis longus tendon and tension force.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of delayed cord clamping in preterm infants. further trials are needed to determine the best method of clamping for preterm newborn infants. note the 24 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the conclusion once assessed. future trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in mortality morbidity and long-term neurodevelopmental outcomes between mother and baby.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the routine removal of the catheter after transurethral resection of the prostate. large well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the relative benefits and harms of both methods of catheter removal in terms of urinary tract infection and recurrence. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed. future research should focus on determining the most appropriate catheter for women with chronic stress incontinence.
 oseltamivir was well tolerated and had a lower risk of exacerbations in children with febrile influenza. however the clinical importance of this finding is uncertain. further large randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its place in everyday clinical practice. such trials should be of sufficient size to detect clinically important differences in mortality morbidity and serious adverse effects. these trials should also assess the long-term impact on health-related quality of life as well as cost-effectiveness.
 there is insufficient evidence from randomised controlled trials to support or refute the use of any particular feeding technique for cleft lip repair in infants with cleft palate. further well-designed and reported randomised clinical trials are needed to determine the optimal feeding regime for this population. such trials should be of sufficient size to detect clinically important differences between different feeding methods. future research should also assess the long-term benefits and harms of each feeding technique.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of adjuvant chemotherapy for high-risk endometrial carcinoma. further randomised clinical trials are needed to determine the optimal dose and duration of chemotherapy in this population. these trials should also assess the long-term toxicity profile of both treatments. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed. additionally the seven citations in search of the best treatment option for women with high risk endometrioid cancer should be added to the review.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of foot splints for treating rheumatoid arthritis. future research should focus on determining the most effective and safest type of orthoses for treatment of rheumatic heart disease. in addition future trials should be adequately powered with a large number of participants and long-term follow-up periods to determine the relative effectiveness and safety of different types of orthoskeletal foot spints. such trials should also assess the cost-effectiveness of various forms of orthosis including dressings and shoes and footwear.
 at present there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of any particular lens implant for myopic astigmatism. further well designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the role of this intervention in myopia. such trials should be conducted with a focus on patient satisfaction and cost-effectiveness. future trials should also evaluate the safety of different types of lens implant as well as the long-term effectiveness of each type of ticl.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of pharmacological therapy for treating insomnia in adults with chronic and primary insomnia. future research should focus on determining the most effective pharmacological treatment for treating sleep-maintenance insomnia in people with chronic insomnia. it may also be important to determine whether pharmacological therapies are more effective than pharmacological treatments for treating persistent sleep-Maintenance insomnia. further trials are needed to assess the long-term effects of pharmacologic therapy on quality of life as well as cost-effectiveness and adverse effects.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of a custom-made splint in treating mallet finger deformity. further trials are needed to determine its role in correcting mallet fingre deformity and its complications. these trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in skin complications such as mortality and long-term morbidity between different splints. future trials should also evaluate the effects of different splints on mallet Finger deformity with respect to skin complications and quality of life.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of intravenous prostaglandin for induction of labour in women with a term singleton pregnancy. further randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in induction of labor and its complications. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the study once assessed. future research should focus on determining the optimal route of administration and duration of delivery and also on assessing the cost-effectiveness of each intervention.
 corticosteroids appear to be more effective than placebo in treating women with hellp syndrome. however there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of these medications for treating patients with this condition. further well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the effectiveness and safety of these interventions. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the conclusion of the full review once assessed. additionally a large multi-centre rct should be carried out to establish the relative effectiveness of each treatment option.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of enhanced services in clinical practice. further research is needed to determine whether enhanced services are more effective than enhanced services alone in improving quality of life for patients with chronic lung disease. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the conclusion once assessed. future research should focus on determining the most effective intervention and its cost-effectiveness compared to enhanced services as an adjuvant treatment.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of sodium reduction interventions for treating hypertension in people with high diastolic blood pressure. further well-designed and reported randomised controlled trials are needed to determine whether this intervention has a clinically important impact on mortality and morbidity. such trials should be of sufficient size to detect clinically important reductions in systolic bp and/or weight. future research should also assess long-term outcomes such as quality of life and cost-effectiveness.
 paracetamol and ibuprofen appear to be equally effective for reducing fever in children less than 6 years of age but with a higher risk of developing febrile disease. there is insufficient evidence to support the use of these drugs in clinical practice. further well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the relative effectiveness and safety of these medications in treating fever in adults and children with severe or chronic respiratory disease. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of anticoagulation in nonrheumatic atrial fibrillation nraf. large well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in clinical practice. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in mortality and morbidity between groups. they should also include long-term follow-up of all patients with a high risk of bias and a good quality of life.
 in patients with relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis there is no evidence to support or refute the use of pharmacological interventions for treating relapses. however this conclusion is based on a small number of trials and it is not possible to draw firm conclusions from these trials. future research should focus on determining the most effective pharmacological intervention for relapses in multiple sclerosis. ideally future randomised controlled clinical trials should be adequately powered to determine the optimal pharmacological treatment for relapse-remitting ms. such trials should also assess the long-term effects of pharmacologic interventions on quality of life and disease activity.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of encephalopathy in newborn infants. future research should focus on determining its place in everyday clinical practice and its cost-effectiveness. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the conclusion of the study once assessed. further research is required to determine the optimal dose duration duration duration frequency duration duration and duration of enchiluted 5 mg/kg/day and long-term neurodevelopmental outcomes.
 amethocaine gel appears to be an effective treatment for venipuncture in children aged 3 years of age with a high level of pain. however the clinical significance of this conclusion is uncertain and further well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed before firm conclusions can be drawn about its effectiveness. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed. there is a need for additional information on the long-term effects of these treatments on quality of life and cost-effectiveness.
 there is insufficient evidence from randomised controlled trials to support or refute the use of manual therapy for crying infant colic. further well-conducted and reported rcts are needed to determine the effectiveness of manual treatment for crying infants with colic in comparison to other medical treatments. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed. future research should focus on determining the most appropriate intervention for crying newborn infants with a history of colic that has not been adequately investigated.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of stenting for revascularization in patients with isolated proximal ladlesions. further randomised clinical trials are needed to determine whether stenting is more effective and safe than stenting in treating these patients. such trials should be performed at a time of high risk of bias and follow-up of at least six months. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the conclusion once assessed. future research should focus on determining the best treatment option for this condition.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of induction therapy for women with premenopausal symptoms. further randomised controlled trials are needed to determine whether induction therapy is effective in preventing pregnancy rates and improving pregnancy outcomes. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed. future research should focus on determining the optimal induction therapy dose duration duration duration and duration of pregnancy and also on identifying the most effective induction therapy option.
 there is no evidence to support or refute the use of oral rehydration solutions for acute and chronic rotavirus diarrhea in children. further well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine whether this intervention has a beneficial effect on duration of watery diarrhoea in children with severe acute or chronic disease. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences between different probiotics and placebo preparations. future trials should also assess the safety of these agents and examine the cost-effectiveness of each agent.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of skin-to-skin contact during kangaroo mother care in very low birth weight infants. further large randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the optimal clinical and maternal control of this intervention in extremely low birthweight infants. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.there is a need for more studies with larger sample sizes and longer follow-up periods before definitive conclusions can be made about the relative benefits and harms of different methods of breast feeding and infant care.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of psychostimulants in treating bpd. large well-designed and reported randomised trials are needed to confirm this conclusion. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed. future research should focus on determining the most effective pharmacologic treatment for bpd as well as assessing the long-term effects of these treatments on patient satisfaction and quality of life.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of amoebic liver abscess treatment in clinical practice. further randomised clinical trials are needed to determine the optimal dose duration duration duration and duration of hospitalisation and mortality for this condition. these trials should be of sufficient size to detect clinically important differences in mortality morbidity and liver tenderness between patients treated with amoxazole and oral route of administration. future trials should also assess the long-term effects on quality of life as well as adverse effects.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of long gnrh-a during oocyte retrieval for ivf cycles. further large well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the optimal gonadotrophin regimen and to assess its clinical importance. such trials should be conducted in women with a high risk of miscarriage and a low risk of ovarian suppression. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the routine use of systemic chemotherapy for patients with colorectal cancer. further randomised clinical trials are needed to determine whether systemic chemotherapy is beneficial in terms of overall survival and quality of life in this population. these trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in overall survival progression-free survival and mortality between different types of chemotherapy. future trials should also evaluate the effect of systemic treatment on overall survival as well as cost-effectiveness. such trials should have a long-term follow-up period and should report patient-centred outcomes.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of neoadjuvant chemotherapy for women with advanced ovarian cancer. further well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the optimal dose and duration of treatment in this population. such trials should also be conducted before a definitive conclusion is reached regarding the efficacy and safety of these drugs can be made. note the four citations in the awaiting classification section ofthe review may alter the conclusions of the review once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of music therapy for women undergoing cesarean delivery. further research is needed to determine whether music therapy is an effective treatment option for women who are planning to have a caesareans delivery. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the conclusion once assessed. consideration should also be given to the cost and clinical effectiveness of music therapies for women with cesarachnoida.
 there is some evidence that hsv tests are more sensitive than repeat papanicolaou pap test for detecting cin2 in women at high risk of developing cervical carcinoma. however these findings must be interpreted with caution due to the small sample size and low quality of the included trials. further well-designed randomised clinical trials are needed to determine the best test for hsils detection in women who are at highrisk of developing cin 2 or 3 lesions.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of exercise training for copd. further research is needed to determine whether exercise training is beneficial in copd and its complications. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the conclusion once assessed. future research should focus on determining the most effective exercise training program and also on improving lung function quality of life and physical function. a large well-conducted randomised controlled trial is also needed to assess the effects of this intervention on mortality and morbidity.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of gonadotropins for iui treatment. further randomised clinical trials are needed to determine whether gonadsotropins should be used as a first line treatment for women undergoing iui treatments. these trials should also assess the effect of gonadsortins on live birth rates and pregnancy rates. future research should also evaluate the impact of gonaadotropin on live births and maternal satisfaction with treatment.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of either mph or dextroamphetamine for treating tic disorders in children and adolescents with tourette's syndrome. further well-conducted randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the role of these drugs in treatment of tic disorder. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in quality of life as well as patient satisfaction and cost-effectiveness. future trials should also evaluate the effect of these medications on tic symptoms and tic severity.
 anti-d immunoglobulin appears to be safe and effective in treating women with primigravidae. however there is a need for large well-designed randomised controlled trials to determine its safety and efficacy. such trials should be of sufficient size to detect clinically important differences in mortality and morbidity between women treated with this drug. they should also assess the long-term impact on quality of life as well as cost-effectiveness.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute routine colonoscopy for colorectal cancer mortality. further randomised clinical trials are needed to determine the best method of colonoscopying in colorectional cancer patients. these trials should be adequately powered to detect a clinically important difference in overall mortality and morbidity between groups with different risk groups. future research should also assess the cost-effectiveness of this intervention as well as the long-term benefits and harms of each intervention.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of any of the interventions used in treating macular degeneration. future research should focus on determining the best treatment option for people with macular disease. this review will be updated as new trials are carried out and more information is provided about the long-term effects of each intervention on clinical outcomes such as quality of life and cost. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the conclusion of the original review once assessed.
 ketogenic diet appears to be a safe and effective treatment option for people with refractory epilepsy. however there is insufficient evidence to support its use as an add-on treatment for children with epilepsy. further well designed randomised controlled trials are needed to establish its place in everyday clinical practice. such trials should be of sufficient size to detect clinically important differences in seizure reduction rates between different ketogenic diets and other treatments. future trials should also assess the long-term effects of ketogenic diets on mortality and adverse effects.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of non-pharmacological interventions for women with prelabour pregnancies. future research should focus on determining the most effective and safest method of labour management in this population. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the study once assessed. further research is required to determine the best way of delivering postlabour babies from the sof table and to assess the cost-effectiveness of these interventions.
 there is no evidence to support the use of psychosocial interventions for treating people with comorbid schizophrenia and/or substance abuse. future research should focus on determining the most appropriate treatment option for patients with these conditions. it is also important to note that this review was based on only a small number of trials and therefore we are unable to draw firm conclusions about the best treatment options. further well designed and reported randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the best treatments for people with severe mental health and substance abuse disorders.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of haart during sti in patients with hiv infection. further randomised clinical trials are needed to determine whether haart is more or less effective than continuous antiretroviral therapy in treating hiv-infected individuals with severe viral suppression. these trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in mortality and morbidity between patients treated with a haart and continuous treatment interruptions. future trials should also assess the effect of haarts on quality of life and immunological parameters.
 tracheotomy appears to be a safe and effective treatment option for ventilator dependent adult icu patients. however there is insufficient evidence to determine its effectiveness in the long-term safety of this intervention. further randomised controlled trials are needed to assess its role in ventilated adults with chronic respiratory conditions. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in mortality and morbidity between different modes of ventilation and duration of ventilation. future research should also evaluate the effect of tracheostomy on pneumonia and other serious adverse effects.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of non-heel ulcer therapy systems for treating pressure ulcers in a care-of-the-elderly unit. further randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the best treatment option for patients with high risk of complications such as hypertension and diabetes. these trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in patient satisfaction and quality of life between the two treatments. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the study once assessed.
 preterm infants receiving lactase-treated feeds may be more likely to respond to treatment than infants receiving control. however this conclusion is based on a small number of studies with relatively short follow-up periods and therefore it is not possible to draw firm conclusions about the relative benefits and harms of preterm newborns. further randomised controlled trials are needed to determine whether preterm babies who receive lactase treated feeds benefit from treatment or not. such trials should be of sufficient size to detect clinically important differences in mortality morbidity and long term neurodevelopmental outcomes.
 interferon beta-1a appears to be a safe and effective treatment option for patients with relapsing remitting ms. however it is not clear whether this benefit is sustained in the long-term or in the short-term follow-up period. there is a need for large well-designed rcts to determine its role in treating relapses and progression of progressive ms. these trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in disease progression and relapse rates.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of h1-antihistamines in clinical practice. further well designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the effectiveness and safety of this intervention. such trials should be of high methodological quality with a focus on patient satisfaction and cost-effectiveness as well as long-term follow-up. future trials should also evaluate the efficacy and safety profile of h2-anthistamines for clinical purposes. these trials should report clinically relevant outcomes including mortality and quality of life.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of nutritional education for people with cystic fibrosis. further large well designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine whether nutritional education is an effective treatment option for people at high risk of cystic Fibrosis. such trials should be of sufficient size to detect clinically important differences in body mass index and health-related quality of life over time. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the study once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of erythropoietin beta in capd patients. further well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in treating capd. such trials should be conducted with a large number of patients at high risk of bias and with long term follow-up. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of risperidone for treating alzheimer's disease. future research should focus on determining its place in everyday clinical practice and its cost-effectiveness. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the study once assessed. additional research is required to determine its role in daily living and its long-term effects on quality of life and adverse effects.
 in patients with persistent duodenal ulcer the combination of antibiotic and antiretroviral therapy appears to be more effective than single therapy alone for treating h. pylori infection. however this conclusion is based on a small number of trials and it is not possible to draw firm conclusions about the effectiveness of both agents. there is a need for large well-designed randomised controlled trials that are adequately powered to detect differences in efficacy and safety between different classes of antibiotics.
 itraconazole appears to be a safe and effective treatment option for bronchopulmonary aspergillosis. however this conclusion is limited by the small number of patients studied and the high risk of bias in the included trials. further well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its place in everyday clinical practice. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in lung function and quality of life between the two agents.
 at present there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of radical scavenger edaravone mci-186 in the treatment of acute stroke. further randomised clinical trials are needed to determine its role in acute stroke prevention and long-term neurodevelopmental outcomes. such trials should be of sufficient size to detect a clinically important difference in functional outcome between groups with similar risk of severe acute stroke and those with higher risk of serious adverse effects.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of synthetic anticholinergics in patients with recurrent ovarian cancer. further well-conducted and reported rcts are needed to determine the optimal dose and duration of selective immunization in this population. such trials should be conducted in a country with high risk of bias and should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in overall survival and disease progression. future trials should also assess the safety profile of these agents as well as the long-term toxicity profile of each agent.
 in patients with mild to moderate asthma formoterol was superior to inhaled corticosteroids in reducing the risk of exacerbations and improving lung function. it also had a lower risk of severe exacerbations but there was no evidence of a difference in fev1 or peak expiratory volume between formsoterol and inhaled steroids. this review highlights the need for large well-designed rcts that are adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in lung function and quality of life. future trials should be sufficiently powered to determine the relative benefits and harms of formoterola compared to ics.
 there is insufficient evidence to determine whether prophylaxis of graft-versus-host disease reduces the risk of acute gvhd in patients with hla-identical malignancy. further randomised controlled trials are needed to assess the efficacy and safety of this intervention in patients at high risk of relapse. these trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in mortality and long-term morbidity between patients treated with a combination of csp/mtx and mtx.
 in patients with locally advanced nsclc chemoradiotherapy combined with radiotherapy appears to offer a survival advantage compared to radiotherapy alone. however this conclusion is based on a small number of trials and the results are not generalisable to all patients. further well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the optimal chemoradiation regimen for local recurrence and quality of life in these patients. such trials should also assess the long-term benefits and harms of chemoraotherapy plus radiotherapy compared to chemotherapy alone.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of gold for treating psoriatic arthritis. further well-designed and reported rcts are needed to determine whether gold is an effective treatment option for patients with psa. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences between gold and placebo in terms of quality of life and patient satisfaction. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of any specific perioperative management protocol for colorectal resection. further well designed and reported randomised controlled trials are needed to establish the role of periopressive management protocols in colonic resection procedures. such trials should be of high methodological quality with a focus on patient satisfaction and cost-effectiveness. future trials should also evaluate the impact of peripartum surgery on mortality and morbidity.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of intravenous iron for treating ckd patients with chronic kidney disease. further randomised clinical trials are needed to determine whether intravenous ferrous sulphate is superior to oral iron in terms of haemoglobin levels serum ferritin and clinical improvement in quality of life. these trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in mortality and morbidity between different treatment regimens as well as long-term follow-up.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of treadmill training in parkinson's disease. further large well-designed and reported randomised controlled trials are needed to determine whether treadmill training is beneficial for people with parkinson´s disease. such trials should be of sufficient size to detect clinically important improvements in gait speed and gait muscle strength over a period of approximately six months after commencement of training. future research should also assess the long-term effects on gait function and quality of life as well as cost-effectiveness.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of nifedipine for treating myotonic dystrophy. further large randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in treating people with myotonia. such trials should be of sufficient size to detect clinically important differences in mortality and morbidity between patients treated with nifingipine and placebo. future trials should also assess the long-term effects of nfedipin on myotonics and other chronic medical problems.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of corticosteroid administration in children with congenital heart disease. further well designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in clinical practice. such trials should be performed in paediatric patients and their families. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the study once assessed. a large multi-centre randomized controlled trial is carried out to determine the optimal dose duration duration duration and duration of treatment for each patient.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of breast feeding during immunization in infants and children. further research is needed to determine whether breast feeding should be used during immunisation in infants under six months of age. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the study once assessed. future research should also address the impact of breastfeeding on long-term neurodevelopmental outcomes such as quality of life and mortality.
 there is insufficient evidence from randomised controlled trials to support or refute the use of tpd therapy for treating mild to moderate hypercatabolic arf. further large well-designed and reported rcts are needed to determine its place in everyday clinical practice. such trials should be adequately powered with a focus on patient satisfaction and cost-effectiveness. future research should also address long-term outcomes such as health-related quality of life and service utilisation.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of cognitive training for people with ms. future research should focus on determining whether cognitive training is beneficial for patients with mild to moderate cognitive impairment and if so on improving cognitive function in people with severe cognitive impairment. it is also important to note that this review was based on only a small number of trials and therefore we are unable to draw firm conclusions about the effectiveness of cognitivetraining for treating ms. further well-conducted randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the efficacy and safety of cognitive rehabilitation for treating mms.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of antidepressants for treating depression in general practice. future research should focus on determining whether antidepressants are more efficacious than placebo in treating depression and their effects on quality of life. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed. we therefore recommend that new trials with larger sample sizes are carried out before any definitive conclusions can be made about the efficacy of antidepressants in treating depressive disorders.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of strontium ranelate for treating postmenopausal osteoporosis. further well-designed and reported randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in treating premenopausal women with symptomatic oo. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important reductions in the risk of vertebral fracture. future trials should also assess the long-term impact of stronium ranelinate on the incidence of non-vertebral fracture in menopausal women. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the study once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of pgs for live birth rates in women with advanced maternal age. further randomised clinical trials are needed to determine whether pgs has a beneficial effect on live birth rate and pregnancy implantation rates. note the four citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the conclusion once assessed. future research should focus on determining the most appropriate pgs procedure and testing regimen for this population.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of primary closure over t-tube drainage in patients undergoing primary closure. further randomised clinical trials are needed to determine the relative benefits and harms of both methods of closure compared to open choledochotomy. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in mortality morbidity and morbidity between the two approaches. note the six citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of oral agonists for chronic pelvic pain. further large well-designed and reported randomised controlled trials are needed to determine whether oral agonist is beneficial for chronic symptoms. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed. future research should focus on determining the optimal dose and duration of agonist treatment and also on investigating the effectiveness of other pharmacological agents.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of oral contraceptives in clinical practice. large well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine whether oral contraceptives are safe and effective in clinical settings. such trials should be conducted with adequate sample size to detect clinically important differences in pregnancy rates and live birth rates between women and their providers. future research should also assess the long-term benefits and harms of different combinations of oral contraceptive preparations. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of long-term bladder washouts over normal saline irrigation for treating indwelling catheters. further well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine whether this intervention is beneficial for people with long term symptomatic bladder disease. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in mortality and morbidity between different washouts. future trials should also test the safety of these washouts compared to other washouts in terms of urinary tract infections and complications.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of premedication in elective surgical patients asa physical status. further randomised controlled trials are needed to determine whether premedicated surgical patients have a clinically important effect on mortality and morbidity. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed. future research should focus on determining the optimal duration of postmedication and volume of fluid intake and on identifying the most effective oral fluid intake method for clinical practice.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of hydroxyurea for women with stage iib carcinoma. further randomised clinical trials are needed to determine its role in treating stage iiib and iiiib cancers. such trials should be of sufficient size to detect a clinically important difference in survival between the two treatments. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed. future research should focus on determining the optimal dose and duration of hydroxyurea therapy as well as whether it is safe and effective.
 ketanserin appears to be a promising treatment option for patients with scleroderma and raynaud's phenomenon. however there is insufficient evidence to support its use in clinical practice. further well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in the management of sclerodma syndrome. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in quality of life as well as patient-centred outcome measures. future trials should also assess long-term safety and efficacy of ketanserserin in reducing the risk of stroke and other serious adverse events.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of hemiarthroplasty for displaced intracapsular femoral neck fractures. further well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the best surgical technique for this procedure. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in mortality and long-term morbidity between different surgical techniques. future research should also assess the relative effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of each surgical procedure compared to other surgical procedures.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of hyperthermia in the treatment of patients with locally advanced rectal cancer. further randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in improving local control and quality of life for these patients. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in survival between different methods of radiotherapy and radiotherapy. future research should also assess the long-term effects of hypertreatable rectal carcinoma.
 there is insufficient evidence from randomised controlled trials to support or refute the use of pharmacological interventions in primary sclerosing cholangitis. large well-designed and reported randomised clinical trials are needed to determine whether pharmacological intervention is beneficial for patients with high risk of serious adverse effects. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in mortality morbidity and morbidity among patients with low risk of severe adverse effects and to assess the effect on quality of life.
 intravenous quinine appears to be an effective treatment option for children with severe malaria. however there is insufficient evidence to support its use as a first line treatment for childhood malaria. further well designed trials are needed to determine the optimal route of administration and duration of treatment and whether it is more or less effective than intrarectal administration. these trials should also test the safety of quinidine mixture in treating severe malaria especially in areas of high risk of complications such as kampala uganda).
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of a support guide in helping smokers stop smoking. future research should focus on determining the most effective support guide for smokers and their support partners. it is also important to note that this intervention may be associated with a higher rate of adverse effects such as weight gain and sedation than other forms of support. further research is needed to determine the best support guide when providing support to smokers and/or their support partner.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of fluconazole for treating hiv infection in women at risk of developing recurrent mucosal candidiasis. further well-designed and reported randomised clinical trials are needed to determine its role in hiv prevention. such trials should be conducted with a large sample size and follow-up period to assess its effect on quality of life as well as cost-effectiveness. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.
 there is currently insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of general anaesthesia prior to inguinal herniorrhaphy in preterm infants. further randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the role of general anesthesia and local anaesthesia in the prevention of apnea in these preterm newborns. such trials should be performed with a large number of infants at high risk of developing apnea. future trials should also evaluate the effects of local anaesthetic on mortality and long-term neurodevelopmental outcomes.
 metformin appears to be a promising treatment option for women with pcos undergoing ivf/icsi treatment. however there is insufficient evidence to support its use as an adjuvant treatment for pcos. further well designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in the management of pcos and its complications. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.
 zidovudine plus zalcitabine appears to be more effective than didanosine alone for treating advanced hiv disease. however this conclusion is based on a small number of trials and with a high risk of bias. further well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the optimal dose and duration of treatment and to assess the safety profile of these agents. such trials should also evaluate the long-term benefits and harms of each agent in terms of mortality and quality of life.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of social marketing campaigns for men with msm testing. further research is needed to determine the effectiveness and safety of such campaigns in this population. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the study once assessed. future research should focus on determining the most effective social marketing campaign aimed at men who have sex with men withmsm testing and on identifying a subgroup of men who are likely to benefit from these interventions that can be used to promote their use.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of postoperative radiotherapy for women with stage ib cervical cancer. further randomised clinical trials are needed to determine the best treatment option for this condition. these trials should also assess the long-term survival and cost-effectiveness of both treatments. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the conclusion of the study once assessed. additionally the seven citations in search of the most effective treatment option will be added to the review once new information is available.
 pramipexole appears to be a promising treatment option for advanced parkinson's disease. however there is insufficient evidence to support its use as an adjuvant therapy for advanced pd. further large well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in the treatment of advanced pdd. such trials should also evaluate the long-term safety and efficacy of pramipxole compared with other dopamine agonists. future research should focus on determining the optimal dose and duration of therapy and on identifying the most effective pharmacokinetic intervention that may be most beneficial for patients with advanced dd.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of task-oriented activities for walking difficulties following stroke. future research should focus on determining the most effective and safest type of task oriented exercise in people with residual walking difficulties after stroke. it is also important to note that this review was based on only a small number of trials which were at high risk of bias so further studies are needed to determine the effectiveness of such exercises in improving walking function during stroke rehabilitation.
 methotrexate appears to be a safe and effective treatment option for severe steroid dependent asthma. however there is insufficient evidence to support its use as an alternative to prednisolone in the treatment of severe asthma. further well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in treating severe asthma with inhaled steroids. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of surgery for mri-verified neck pain scores in women with cervical root compression. further randomised clinical trials are needed to determine the role of surgery in this condition. such trials should be of high methodological rigour and should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences between treatment groups. future research should also assess the impact of surgery on quality of life and long-term health outcomes as well as the cost-effectiveness of surgery.
 artemisininin-pq appears to be more effective than pq in treating uncomplicated p. falciparum malaria. however the clinical significance of this conclusion is uncertain and further trials are needed to determine its relative safety and efficacy. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed. additionally there is a need for a large well-designed randomised controlled trial comparing different antiretroviral regimens with each other.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of pht monotherapy for epilepsy. further well designed and reported randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in treating epilepsy. such trials should be conducted with a large sample size and long-term follow-up before they can be recommended for clinical practice. future trials should also evaluate the effect of phtz monotherapy on seizure frequency and quality of life in people with epilepsy. these trials should report outcomes that are clinically relevant to patients with epilepsy and their carers.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of cycloserine for treating alzheimer's disease. large well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its place in everyday clinical practice. such trials should be undertaken with a focus on quality of life and cost analysis. future research should also address the long-term impact of cyclosporin on cognitive function as well as other outcomes such as mortality and adverse effects. these findings should be interpreted with caution due to the small number of patients studied and the high risk of bias.
 fluoxetine appears to be a promising treatment option for children and adolescents with major depression. however there is insufficient evidence to support its use as an adjuvant treatment for these patients. future research should focus on the long-term effects of fluoxetteine and cbt in this population. it is also important to note that there is a need for further well-conducted randomised controlled trials to determine its role in the treatment of severe depression. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in quality of life and adverse events.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of early onset vem in clinical practice. further well designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in clinical decision making and its cost-effectiveness. such trials should be adequately powered with a large sample size and long term follow-up. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section ofthe review may alter the conclusions of the review once assessed. future research should also address the impact of early mobilization on patient satisfaction and quality of life.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of active management of labour for women at low risk of complications. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the conclusion once assessed. further research is required to determine whether active management should be offered to women at high risk of complication and if it is offered as an alternative to traditional management. future research should also assess the cost-effectiveness of passive management for women who are at low risks of complications from labour.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of high-velocity cervical manipulation for mechanical neck pain. future research should focus on determining the most effective and safest cervical manipulation technique for this chronic neck pain condition. note the four citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the conclusion once assessed. additionally the seven citations in search of the best cervical manipulation procedure are published in full within the next version of the cochrane review.
 triphasic oral contraceptives appear to be more effective than monotherapy in reducing the incidence of intermenstrual bleeding. however this conclusion is based on a small number of trials with relatively few participants and therefore it is not possible to draw firm conclusions about the relative benefits and harms of triphasi and monotherapy compared to monotherapy or monotherapy. further research is needed to determine the optimal dose and duration of treatment for women with severe postpartum depression. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusionsof the review once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of oral steroids for treating ms. further randomised controlled trials are needed to determine whether oral steroids are effective in treating ms and its complications. these trials should be of sufficient size to detect clinically important differences in response between oral steroids and oral steroids. future trials should also assess the safety profile of both treatments and dose-response profiles as well as the cost-effectiveness of each treatment option. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the conclusion of the study once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of spironolactone in hypertension patients. further randomised clinical trials are needed to determine its role in hypertension treatment. such trials should be of sufficient size to detect a clinically important difference in blood pressure and blood pressure between the two groups. future research should focus on determining the optimal dose frequency duration duration duration intensity duration duration length of hospital stay and cost-effectiveness for each group of patients.
 6-methylprednisolone appears to be superior to placebo in the treatment of croiescent disease. however this conclusion is based on a small number of trials and with a high risk of bias. there is insufficient evidence to support or refute its use as a treatment option for croiescence disease. large well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in treating croycent disease and to assess its long-term adverse effects.
 olanzapine may be more effective than monotherapy in treating acute mania. however this conclusion is based on a small number of trials and with a high risk of bias. further well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the best treatment option for acute bipolar disorder. such trials should also assess the long-term safety and efficacy of different dsm-iv doses and duration of treatment. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusionsof the review once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of opioid dependence in iran. further randomised controlled trials are needed to determine whether opioid dependence is a chronic problem and to assess its long-term effect on quality of life. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed. future research should focus on determining the optimal dose and duration of opioid treatment and also on identifying the most appropriate dose and route of administration for this condition.
 virtual reality simulator training appears to be an effective adjunct to bedside training in terms of patient satisfaction and diagnostic accuracy. however there is a need for further research into the role of virtual reality training in clinical practice. future trials should focus on determining the most effective virtual reality trainer training program and also assessing its cost-effectiveness compared to standard medical education programmes. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in quality of life and safety between virtual reality simulators and standard medical educational training.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of pacifier use in breastfeeding women and their newborn babies. future research should focus on determining the optimal method of ventilator use for breastfeeding mothers and newborns. note the four citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the conclusion once assessed. consideration should also be given to the cost-effectiveness of pacifiers use as a means of supplementing breastfeeding mother's breastfeeding frequency and duration of follow up.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of anti-histamines for treating febrile reactions in patients undergoing transfusion reactions. further randomised clinical trials are needed to determine the role of these agents in the management and prevention of febrivusion reactions in people with a known allergy to one type of transfusion agent. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions ofthe review once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of antimalarial drugs for treating malaria in china. large well designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine whether antimalarials are effective in treating malaria with treatment for plmodium vivax malaria. these trials should be of sufficient size to detect clinically important differences in efficacy and safety between different antimalergic drugs. such trials should also assess the effect of antiretroviral drugs on mortality and morbidity.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of safety education programs in children and young people. future research should focus on determining the most appropriate safety education program for children and younger children with a high risk of developing diabetes. it is also important to determine if safety education programmes are safe and effective in children under 18 years of age. this review highlights the need for well-designed adequately powered randomised controlled trials to evaluate safety education interventions for children with diabetes.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of heparin therapy for treating dic in patients with acute leukaemia. further randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in dic treatment and to assess its long-term safety. such trials should be of sufficient size to detect a clinically important difference in mortality and morbidity between patients treated with heparins and those treated with art-123. future trials should also evaluate the effect of hegarin therapy on quality of life and cost-effectiveness as well as patient satisfaction.
 antibiotic prophylaxis reduces the incidence of postoperative sepsis in patients with colorectal surgery. however there is no evidence to support or refute the use of antibiotics for treating colorctal cancer. further large randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the effectiveness of this intervention in reducing postoperative wound infection in patients undergoing elective colonic surgery. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of intravenous infusions during labour for women with chronic placental insufficiency. further randomised clinical trials are needed to determine the optimal dose and duration of infusions in this population. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the study once assessed. future research should focus on determining the most effective infusions route of administration and timing of delivery and also on assessing maternal satisfaction with treatment.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of early blood transfusion in acute haemorrhage patients. further randomised clinical trials are needed to determine the best route of administration and duration of transfusion and to assess the cost-effectiveness of this intervention. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed. future research should focus on determining the most effective method of induction of vasoactive response and on identifying the best way of inducing vaso active response.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of neuroleptics in chronic schizophrenic patients. further randomised clinical trials are needed to determine the role of these medications in chronic schizophrenia patients. such trials should be adequately powered with a focus on patient satisfaction and cost-effectiveness as well as long-term follow-up. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of fecal incontinence stimulation in clinical practice. further well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in clinical decision making. such trials should be adequately powered with a large sample size and long term follow-up. future research should also evaluate the effect of fecant incontinent stimulation on mortality and morbidity. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the new review once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence from randomised controlled trials to support the use of corticosteroid therapy in women with threatened preterm labour for whom a clinical decision is made. further well-designed and reported rcts are needed to determine its role in reducing the length of evaluation of ptl and its complications. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the study once assessed. future research should focus on determining the most effective treatment option for women at risk of preterm labor for women who are threatened ptl.
 nitroprusside mononitrate and glyceryl trinitrate appear to be equally effective for cervical ripening during first trimester surgical evacuation of the uterus. however these findings are based on a small number of trials with relatively few participants and therefore it is not possible to draw firm conclusions about their effectiveness. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the conclusion of the entire review once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of lateral paramedian incision for laparotomy in patients undergoing surgery. further randomised clinical trials are needed to determine the role of lateral/vaginal incision in laparectomy in patients with uncomplicated abdominal surgery. these trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in mortality and morbidity between the two types of incision. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence from randomised controlled trials to support or refute the use of pharmacological interventions for treating chronic neuropathy in people with stable neuropathy. large well-designed and reported randomised clinical trials are needed to determine whether pharmacological intervention is effective in treating chronic neurological disease in people at high risk of developing chronic neuropathic pain. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in quality of life as well as cost-effectiveness.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of psychosocial interventions to reduce child exposure to environmental tobacco smoke. future research should focus on determining the most effective and safest behaviour for parents and children. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed. additionally a large well-designed randomised controlled trial is carried out to determine the best behavioural intervention for reducing childhood exposure to ets.
 aromatherapy appears to be an effective treatment for agitation in chinese patients with dementia. however there is a need for further randomised clinical trials to determine its role in the management of agitated behaviour in people with chinese dementia. these studies should also address the cost-effectiveness and long-term impact on quality of life. future research should focus on determining the most effective therapy for agitated behaviours in people at high risk of dementia. such trials should also assess the effect of aromarthapy on cognitive function and other symptoms of agitation.
 at present there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of any particular pharmacological treatment for women with pre-eclampsia. further randomised clinical trials are needed to determine whether pharmacological treatments are effective in reducing the risk of maternal and neonatal morbidity and mortality in pregnant women. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the study once assessed. future research should also assess the effect of pharmacological interventions on pregnancy outcomes such as caesarean section and perinatal mortality.
 there is some evidence that weight loss programs for shift workers with metabolic syndrome may have a beneficial effect on health-related quality of life. however this conclusion is tentative due to the small number of studies and the high risk of bias in the trials. further research is needed to determine whether weight loss programmes are more or less effective than other types of weight loss program such as physical activity programs or pharmacological interventions. it is also important to note that these findings are based on only a few small studies which had a very small sample size so they should be interpreted with caution.
 selegiline and levodopa are effective in treating early parkinson's disease. however there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of these drugs in parkinson´s disease. large well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the optimal dose and duration of treatment for patients with early pd. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in quality of life as well as a long-term safety profile.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of oral anticoagulant therapy for people with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation. future research should focus on determining the most appropriate dose and duration of treatment in patients with a low risk of stroke and a high risk of developing diabetes. it is also important to note that these findings are based on only a small number of trials and that further large well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the optimal dose and timing of administration of this intervention. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in stroke risk and mortality.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of vitamin d sterols for treating secondary hyperparathyroidism in dialysis patients. further well designed and reported randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the optimal dose and duration of treatment and to assess the safety profile of these agents. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed. additionally a large multi-centre rct is carried out that will allow for a more definitive conclusion on the efficacy and safety profiles of these interventions.
 prednisone appears to be a promising treatment option for patients with rheumatoid arthritis. however it is not clear whether this treatment is superior to chloroquine alone or in combination with other treatments such as calcium channel blockers and thromboembolic drugs. further research is needed to determine the optimal dose duration duration duration of prednisolone treatment and long-term safety profile of both drugs. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the conclusion of the study once assessed.
 family therapy appears to be an effective treatment option for people with schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorder. however the quality of the evidence is very low and it is not clear whether family therapy is more effective than other forms of family therapy. further research is needed to determine if family therapy offers any additional benefit in terms of family function and family functioning. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.
 gabapentin appears to be a safe and well tolerated treatment option for acute migraine headaches. however its use in acute migraine headache is associated with a high rate of dizziness tremor fatigue dizziness dizziness nausea headache headache headache and sedation. further randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in acute migraine headaches. such trials should also assess the long-term safety and efficacy of this treatment option as well as the cost-effectiveness of its use.
 thymosin and thymopentin appear to be similar in terms of overall survival but with a higher incidence of serious adverse events. however these findings are based on a small number of trials and do not allow us to draw firm conclusions about the relative benefits and harms of each treatment option. further well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the optimal dose and duration of treatment for patients with cancer. such trials should also assess the long-term toxicity and side effects of each therapy.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of hyperventilation for cerebral palsy in patients with severe head injury. further well-designed and reported randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in this condition. such trials should be of sufficient size to detect a clinically important difference in cerebral blood flow between the two groups. future research should also assess the effect of hyper ventilation on cerebral palsiness in patients at high risk of stroke. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of platinum-containing regimens in women with malignant ovarian germ cell tumors. further randomised clinical trials are needed to determine whether platinum-fortified regimens are more or less effective than other treatments for this condition. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed. additional information is available. future research should focus on determining the optimal dose and duration of treatment as well as the cost-effectiveness of each therapy.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of intrauterine systems for mirena and novat as a contraceptive procedure. further large randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the effectiveness and safety of these interventions. such trials should be conducted in settings with high risk of bias and low risk of systematic errors. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the study once assessed. future research should focus on determining the most effective and safest insertion procedure.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of sexual abuse prevention programs for children. future research should focus on determining the most effective and safest program for children with sexual abuse problems. it is also important to note that this review was conducted in the 1970s and 1980s and has not been updated since then. further research is needed to determine the best intervention for children who are at risk of sexually transmitted infections prevention programs. a large well-conducted randomised controlled trial is also needed to establish the most appropriate intervention for young children.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of psychotherapy for treating ms. further randomised controlled trials are needed to determine whether psychotherapy is effective in treating ms and mdd. such trials should be adequately powered with a large number of participants and long-term follow-up of at least six months to assess the effect of psychostimulants on ms severity and quality of life. future research should also evaluate the effects of psychotherapeutic treatment on ms andmdd.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of intrabiliary drainage in patients with malignant obstructive jaundice. further randomised clinical trials are needed to determine its role in this condition. such trials should be of high quality and have a long-term follow up before they can be recommended for clinical practice. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.
 naltrexone appears to be an effective treatment for heroin dependence in malaysia. however there is insufficient evidence to support its use as a first line treatment option for heroin addicts. further randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in the maintenance of heroin and its long-term safety profile. future studies should also assess its place in the management of heroin dependence and its potential side effects such as sedation and weight gain. these findings should be interpreted with caution due to the small number of patients studied and the high risk of bias in the included studies.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of buffered lidocaine with epinephrine for pain on infiltration of carpal tunnel decompression. further well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in reducing pain on vehicle journeys and other complications during surgery. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed. a large multi-centre rct comparing different local anesthetic solutions is carried out.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of single dose antibiotic therapy for uncomplicated tract infections. future research should focus on determining whether single dose antibiotics are more effective than conventional treatment in terms of cure rates and duration of antibiotic treatment. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed. additionally the seven citations in search of the most effective antibiotic regimen in uncomplicating tract infections will no longer be available.
 in patients with mild to moderate hypertension ia receptor antagonists are effective in lowering sbp and sbp but their effect on overall bp is not clear. there is a need for further well-conducted randomised controlled trials to determine the safety profile of these agents. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in bp between different dosing dosing schedules and duration of treatment. future trials should also assess patient-centred cardiovascular morbidity and quality of life.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of stent in pancreatic ductenectomy for pancreaticoduodenectomy. further well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the optimal stent technique for pd and its complications. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed. future research should focus on determining the most appropriate stent method for pdd.
 tramadol/apap is an effective analgesic in treating chronic lbp. however it is associated with a higher rate of adverse events and a higher risk of discontinuation compared with placebo. the clinical significance of these adverse effects is uncertain. further well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in treating lbp better than placebo in terms of pain reduction and quality of life. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in pain relief over placebo or other opioids.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of heparin at home for treating patients with proximal deep venous thrombosis at home. further large well-designed and reported randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the best treatment option for patients with this condition. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in mortality dvt recurrence and morbidity between different treatment options. future trials should also assess the cost and safety profile of different treatments and compare them to each other.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of educational interventions for treating latent tuberculosis infection. further well-designed and reported randomised trials are needed to determine whether educational interventions are effective in treating latent tuberculosis infection. such trials should be of high methodological quality with a focus on outcomes that are important to patients and their carers. future trials should also evaluate the effect of educational strategies on treatment response and patient satisfaction as well as cost implications.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of gtr for treating severe periodontal defects in patients with infrabony defects. further well-conducted and reported randomised controlled trials are needed to determine whether gtr is an effective treatment option for these defects. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences between gtr and control procedures. future research should also assess the long-term impact of gt on patient satisfaction and cost-effectiveness as well as quality of life.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of swim training for children and adolescents with persistent asthma. future research should focus on determining the most appropriate swim training program for children with chronic asthma. in addition further studies are needed to determine whether swim training is more effective than other forms of exercise training for this population of children and young people. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in asthma symptoms and pulmonary function between different swim training programs. these findings should be interpreted with caution due to the small number of participants and the high risk of bias.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of gnrh agonists in the treatment of infertile women undergoing assisted reproduction. further large well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine their role in clinical practice and to assess the safety of these agents. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in live birth rates and pregnancy rates between different gnrh analogues. future trials should also evaluate the effect of gnh agonists on live birth rate and live birth outcomes.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of oxytocin for preventing postpartum haemorrhage in women with a history of hypertension. further large randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in this population. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the study once assessed. future research should focus on determining the most effective route of administration and duration of delivery and on identifying the safest route of delivery.
 there is insufficient evidence from randomised controlled trials to determine whether smoking cessation strategies are effective in promoting smoking cessation. further large well-designed and reported studies are needed to establish the effectiveness of smoking cessation interventions for smoking cessation in smokers. such trials should be conducted with a focus on health promotion outcomes as well as quality of life and cost-effectiveness. future research should also assess the impact of smoking suppression strategies on smoking cessation and its long-term quit intentions.
 there is no evidence to support or refute the use of adjuvant chemotherapy for patients with npc. however this conclusion is based on a small number of rcts that have been carried out over a period of at least three years and more research is needed before definitive conclusions can be drawn about the relative benefits and harms of adjunctive chemotherapy for npc in terms of overall survival and quality of life. it is also important to note that these findings are based on only one study which was published in 2009 and so the results should be interpreted with caution.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of placental drainage for women with normal placentas following vaginal delivery. further randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in this important clinical issue. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the study once assessed. consideration should also be given to the possibility that the woman's preferences may influence the choice of tubal delivery method and the duration of blood transfusion.
 theophylline appears to be more effective than salmeterol in reducing nocturnal asthma symptoms. however this conclusion is based on a small number of trials and with a high risk of bias. there is a need for large well-designed randomised controlled trials that are adequately powered to determine its place in everyday clinical practice. such trials should also assess the long-term safety of both treatments as well as the cost-effectiveness of each treatment option.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of gait strength training for improving walking distance and speed in people with chronic stroke. further research is needed to determine whether gait training is an effective treatment option for people with mild to moderate walking problems after stroke. future trials should also assess the long-term impact of gatuitary training on patient-centred mobility function and quality of life. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in functional performance and disability.
 there is some evidence that mammographic screening for breast cancer reduces the risk of developing metastatic breast cancer. however this conclusion is based on a small number of studies and with a high risk of bias. further research is needed to determine whether mammography is more or less effective than physical examination in detecting breast cancer in women younger than 55 years of age. future trials should also assess the cost-effectiveness of mammography compared to physical examination alone. these findings should be interpreted with caution as they are based on only a few small studies and may not be generalizable to all women.
 at present there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of antiretroviral drugs for treating hiv-seronegative men or transgender women. large well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the role of these drugs in clinical practice. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in hiv prevalence and mortality between men and transgender women who have had sex with men. they should also assess the impact on health-related quality of life and cost-effectiveness of each intervention.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of rescue surgery for patients with nonhealing periradicular pathosis. a large well-designed randomised controlled trial is needed to determine whether rescue surgery is more or less effective than conventional retreatment in terms of patient satisfaction and quality of life. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in mortality and morbidity between rescue surgery and conventional retreatments. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the study once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of surgery for cryoextirpation in adults with lm and cryodestruction. further randomised clinical trials are needed to determine the role of surgery in this population. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in mortality and morbidity between patients and their carers. future research should also assess the impact of surgery on quality of life and cost-effectiveness.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of anti-tnf for patients with rheumatoid arthritis. further well designed and reported randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in clinical practice. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in efficacy and safety between different doses and duration of action. they should also assess the long-term impact of treatment on quality of life and cost-effectiveness as well as adverse effects.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of cpr in patients with prehospital cardiac arrest. further research is needed to determine its role in improving cardiopulmonary resuscitation and its cost-effectiveness compared to standard cpr during cardiac arrest outside hospital discharge. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed. additionally a large multi-centre rct comparing cpr to standard ipr is carried out. this trial will help inform clinical decision making.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of antioxidant therapy for treating als in patients with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. further well-designed and reported randomised controlled trials are needed to determine whether antioxidant therapy is beneficial for als disease progression. these trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in clinical progression and quality of life between different classes of als patients. future research should also assess the long-term effects of antioxidant treatment on als progression and its complications.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of early implant placement for single tooth replacement in periapical infected sites. further well designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the most appropriate implant placement technique for two and three-tooth augmentation treatments. these trials should be adequately powered to detect a clinically important difference in patient satisfaction with implant placement and patient's satisfaction with treatment. future research should also assess the long-term effects of this intervention on patient satisfaction and quality of life.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of oral corticosteroids for men with high prostate cancer. further randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the optimal dose and duration of treatment in men with low prostate cancer risk. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in prostate enlargement rates between different treatments. future research should also assess the long-term effects of these interventions on prostate cancer mortality and prostate cancer morbidity.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of oral anesthetic in treating trigeminal neuralgia. further randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the optimal dose and duration of an anesthetic therapy for trigementinal neuralgaia. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in pain scores between the two drugs. future trials should also assess long-term adverse effects such as hospital admission and quality of life.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of transection clamping during liver resections in patients with cirrhosis. further randomised clinical trials are needed to determine the best method of loop clamping for liver resection and to assess the safety of this procedure. such trials should be performed in high-income countries where hepatic vascular occlusion is a common problem. future trials should also evaluate the effect of loop clonazepam clamping on postoperative mortality liver function and liver function.
 pirenzepine and cyclopentolate appear to be effective in slowing myopia progression over a two-year period. however there is insufficient evidence to support the use of these lenses for treating myopia in children. future research should focus on determining the optimal lens type and duration of myopia treatment as well as the best way to minimise myopic progression during a two year period. it is also important to note that this review was based on a small number of trials with relatively few participants and therefore we are unable to draw any conclusions about the relative effectiveness of different types of pirenze and cifocal glasses.
 topical nac appears to be a promising treatment option for patients with mild to moderate mgd and blepharitis. however there is no evidence that it is more effective than placebo in treating severe mgd. further large well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the relative benefits and harms of each treatment option. these trials should also assess the long-term effects of each intervention on clinical outcomes such as quality of life and cost.
 there is insufficient evidence from randomised controlled trials to support or refute the use of pump for preterm delivery. further large well-designed and reported randomised clinical trials are needed to determine the role of pump in preventing preterm birth in women with suspected preterm labour. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusionsof the review once assessed. until such time as more robust evidence is available it is recommended that any future research should focus on determining whether pump therapy is an effective treatment option for women who wish to continue to labour. these trials should be of sufficient size to detect clinically important differences between pump and oral terbutaline.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of antifungal prophylaxis in patients with cytopenia. large well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in clinical practice. such trials should be of sufficient size to detect clinically important differences in mortality and morbidity between patients receiving antimicrobials and those who do not have a high risk of infection. future research should also assess the effect of antimicrobial therapy on quality of life and cost-effectiveness.
 there is no evidence to support or refute the use of supplemental oxygen during exercise training in patients with copd. further research is needed to determine whether supplemental oxygen supplementation during exercise exercises improves exercise tolerance and exercise tolerance in copd patients. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed. additional research is required to determine the optimal duration of oxygen supplementation for copd treatment and to assess its effect on exercise tolerance.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of bier's block for manipulation of the distal radius fracture in adults. further well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in the treatment of this fracture. such trials should be undertaken with a large sample size and follow-up period. future trials should also evaluate the safety of biere's block compared with other methods of manipulation of colles fractures. these trials should report patient satisfaction with treatment and cost-effectiveness.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of mechanical vacuum aspiration for women undergoing first trimester abortion. further randomised clinical trials are needed to determine its role in this procedure. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the conclusion once assessed. future research should also address the need for more carefully conducted randomised controlled trials with larger sample sizes and longer follow-up periods before firm conclusions can be drawn regarding its effectiveness and safety.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of pharyngeal flap during surgery for submucous cleft palate. further randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in clinical practice. such trials should be of sufficient size to detect a clinically important difference in mortality and morbidity between the two groups. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of hypothermia for treating acute aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage. further randomised clinical trials are needed to determine its role in treating acute anaeurysm. such trials should be of sufficient size to detect a clinically important difference in mortality and long-term outcome between the two groups. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the study once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of community-based physical activity programmes for improving physical activity in people with low risk of cardiovascular disease. future research should focus on determining the most effective and safest interventions for this population. it is also important to note that the findings of this review are based on a small number of studies with few methodological limitations and that the quality of the evidence is very low. further research is needed to assess the effects of such programmes on health related quality of life as well as cost-effectiveness.
 doxycycline appears to be a safe and effective treatment for iud-related pelvic infection. however there is insufficient evidence to support its use in the treatment of iud related pelvic infections. further large randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its safety and effectiveness. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.the review will no longer be able to provide definitive guidance on the choice of antibiotic regimen for women undergoing iud insertion. future research should focus on determining the most effective antibiotic regime for women at low risk of sexually transmitted infection.
 deferiprone appears to be more effective than desferrioxamine in treating thalassemia major and thalassaemia major. however the clinical significance of these findings is uncertain. there is a need for further well-designed randomised controlled trials with larger sample sizes to assess the relative benefits and harms of both methods as well as to compare them with each other. future trials should also evaluate the long-term safety and efficacy of different methods of delivering iron overload.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of 5-ht(receptor antagonists for treating pruritus. further randomised clinical trials are needed to determine their role in treatment response to 5-HT(reuptake inhibitors in patients with chronic liver disease and/or chronic kidney disease. these trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in mortality and morbidity between patients treated with 5-0(releasing agents and those treated with placebo.
 endoscopic prophylaxis of variceal varices is a safe and effective treatment option for high-risk patients. however the evidence suggests that it may be associated with higher rates of serious adverse events such as weight gain and gastrointestinal bleeding. further randomised clinical trials are needed to determine whether endoscopic ppl is more effective than standard propranolol in treating high risk patients with cirrhosis or high esophageal hemorrhage. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the conclusion once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of benzodiazepines in the treatment of alcohol withdrawal. future trials should be adequately powered with a large sample size and long-term follow-up before firm conclusions can be drawn about their efficacy. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.there is a need for further well-conducted randomised controlled trials to determine the safety and efficacy profiles of these drugs in treating alcohol withdrawal symptoms.
 there is a lack of evidence to support or refute the use of amitriptyline for treating acute depression in people with chronic depression. more research is needed to determine its role in acute depression and its long-term effects on quality of life. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the study once assessed. future research should focus on determining the most effective drug combinations for acute depression especially in patients at high risk of severe depression.
 aripiprazole appears to be an effective treatment for schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorder in general psychiatry outpatient practice setting. however there is insufficient evidence to support its use as a first line treatment for people with schizophrenia or schizoafective disorder. further well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its place in everyday clinical practice setting settings. such trials should be of sufficient size to detect clinically important differences in efficacy and safety between the two drugs.
 chlorhexidine appears to be a safe and effective treatment option for women with chronic neonatal infection but its safety profile is not clear. there is insufficient evidence to support its use as a first line treatment in labour. further well designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in the management of this condition. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed. future research should focus on determining the most effective and safest treatment options for women at high risk of severe neonatal infections.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of any particular oral care protocol for ventilator-associated pneumonia in neonatal intensive care patients. future research should focus on determining the most effective and safest oral care approach for ventilated patients. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the study once assessed.there is a need for further well-designed randomised controlled trials with long-term follow-up before definitive recommendations can be made regarding the best way to deliver oral care services to ventilated adults.
 open appendicectomy is associated with a lower incidence of acute appendicitis and a higher rate of peri-operative complications. however the clinical significance of these differences is uncertain. there is no evidence that laparoscopic appendicoperation offers any advantage over open appendicoectomy in terms of mortality or morbidity. further well designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the relative benefits and harms of both procedures. such trials should also be performed in patients at high risk of postoperative complications and long-term hospital stay.
 sargramostim appears to be more effective than placebo for crohn's disease with corticosteroid dependence. however there is a need for further randomised controlled trials to determine its efficacy and safety. future trials should also assess the long-term effects on quality of life and adverse events such as weight gain cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the conclusion of the study once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of preoperative analgesic administration for children undergoing primary tooth extraction. further randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the role of postoperative analgesics in treating children with primary tooth extractions. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed. future research should focus on determining the optimal dose and duration of analgesia administration and also on the long-term safety of this therapy.
 prophylaxis with a quinolone in patients with neutropenia reduces the risk of sepsis but is associated with a higher rate of infection. there was no evidence that it reduced mortality or serious morbidity when compared to a combination treatment. however this conclusion is based on a small number of trials and should be interpreted with caution due to the high risk of bias in many of the trials. further well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the relative benefits and harms of different antibiotics for treating neutropenic cancer patients.
 calcium supplementation during pregnancy reduces the risk of pre-eclampsia and preterm birth. however there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of calcium supplementation in pregnancy. further large randomised controlled trials are needed to determine whether calcium supplementation has a beneficial effect on maternal and neonatal outcomes. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the conclusion of the full review once assessed. additionally future research should also address the impact of calcium supplements on mortality and morbidity among pregnant women and their newborns.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of dietary advice for treating hypercholesterolamia. future research should focus on improving quality of life and cost-effectiveness of diet and other dietary interventions in patients with chronic disease such as diabetes mellitus and heart failure. it is also important to note that this review was based on a small number of trials and therefore we are unable to draw firm conclusions about the relative benefits and harms of each intervention.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of fluoride varnish in children with caries increment on permanent first molars. future research should focus on determining the optimal route of administration and duration of administration of fluoride for children with a high risk of developing caries progression. it is also important to note that this conclusion is based on only one small study which had a very low risk of bias. further trials are needed to determine the best way of delivering fluoride to children with normal caries and their parents.
 stapled haemorrhoidectomy appears to be an effective and safe procedure for treating symptomatic hemorrhoids. however it is associated with a higher rate of postoperative nausea and vomiting and a higher risk of perioperative complications. there is a need for more robust randomised controlled trials in order to determine the relative benefits and harms of both procedures. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in mortality morbidity and long-term morbidity.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of long-acting neuroleptics for treating schizophrenia. further well designed and reported randomised trials are needed to determine whether long- acting neurolepticics are safe and effective in treating patients with chronic schizophrenia. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in quality of life and cost between the two agents. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of anticonvulsants for treating impulsive aggression in people with alcohol dependence and comorbid psychiatric disorders. large well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the best treatment option for these patients. such trials should be conducted in a high quality and report on clinically important outcomes including mortality morbidity and quality of life as well as cost-effectiveness. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of oral steroids in the treatment of advanced colonic cancer. further randomised clinical trials are needed to determine whether oral steroids are more effective than oral steroids for the treatment and prevention of metastases. such trials should be conducted with a focus on patient satisfaction and cost-effectiveness as well as quality of life. future trials should also evaluate the effect of oral steroid therapy on mortality and long-term morbidity.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of ivig for treating preterm infants with sepsis. further randomised clinical trials are needed to determine whether ivig should be used in preterm and low birth weight neonates. these trials should also assess the long-term effects of intravenous immunoglobulin therapy on mortality and morbidity in such infants as well as its cost-effectiveness in terms of perinatal mortality and neurodevelopmental complications.
 melarsoprol therapy appears to be an effective treatment option for patients with gambiense sleeping sickness. however there is a need for large well-conducted randomised controlled trials to determine its role in treating gmbiense sleep sickness. such trials should be of sufficient size to detect clinically important differences in mortality and morbidity between the two regimens. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of a dry powder inhaler for treating stable copd. further large well designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the optimal dose and duration of administration in copd patients. such trials should be conducted with long-term follow-up of all participants and examine the effects of different delivery devices on patient-centred outcomes such as quality of life and mortality. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the study once assessed.
 there is currently insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of any of the available methods of dialysis for women with a solid renal mass. further large randomised clinical trials are needed to determine the best method of kidney transplantation in women at high risk of complications and to assess the long-term benefits and harms of each approach. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in mortality morbidity and morbidity between the two approaches. note the 23 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the conclusion once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of laparoscopic cholecystectomy in patients with biliary colic. large well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in clinical practice. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in mortality and morbidity between groups. future research should also assess the long-term impact of lapa on mortality and hospital stay. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.
 magnesium sulphate appears to be a safe and effective treatment option for women with mild to moderate pre-eclampsia. however its use is associated with a higher risk of developing severe preeclampia and an increased risk of neonatal mortality. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed. there is a need for further well-designed randomised controlled clinical trials to determine its role in the management of severe preterm birth. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in maternal mortality and long-term neurodevelopmental outcomes.
 interferon beta-1a appears to be a safe and effective treatment option for primary progressive ms. however there is insufficient evidence to support its use as a first line treatment in the treatment of secondary progressive ms or transitional ms. further well designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine its role in clinical practice. such trials should also assess the long-term effects on quality of life and cost-effectiveness. future research should focus on determining the optimal dose and duration of ventricular enlargement in ms patients. these trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences between different doses and intensities.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the routine use of antioxidant supplementation in chronic hepatitis c patients. further randomised clinical trials are needed to determine whether antioxidant supplementation has a beneficial effect on mortality liver cancer and liver cancer outcomes. these trials should also assess the long-term effects of antioxidants supplementation on quality of life and morbidity especially for patients with severe alcoholic hepatitis c who do not respond to alpha-interferon therapy. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of seated position for idiopathic macular hole surgery. future research should focus on determining the best place for this procedure in ophthalmology. it may also be important to determine the best way to deliver this intervention. a large well-designed randomised controlled trial with long-term follow-up is needed to assess the effectiveness and safety of such a procedure. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the conclusion of the study once assessed.
 there is some evidence that cbt+cm reduces the risk of hiv transmission to men and their partners. however this conclusion is based on only a small number of studies and it is not possible to draw firm conclusions about the effectiveness of cbt alone or in combination with other behavioural interventions. future research should focus on determining the most effective behavioral intervention for hiv prevention among men and women living with hiv. such research should be conducted in high-income countries where self-justifications are commonly used and where sexual behaviour is safe.
 metyrapone and mifepristone may be effective in the treatment of depression but more research is needed to confirm these findings. there is a need for large well-designed randomised controlled trials with long-term follow-up to determine its role in treating depression. such trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in quality of life depressive symptoms and other adverse effects. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence from randomised controlled trials to support or refute the use of baclofen in the treatment of aws. large well-designed and reported rcts are needed to determine its role in treating aws with benzodiazepines. such trials should be conducted in clinical settings with adequate sample size and follow-up periods to provide a more robust estimate of the risk ratio of doses and duration of treatment and to assess the effect on mortality.
 school-based physical activity interventions appear to be effective in preventing overweight and obesity in children. however there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of school based physical activity programmes for preventing morbidity and mortality in children younger than 5 years of age. future research should focus on improving quality of life and health-related behaviours among children aged 5 years to 6 years of old. it is also important to establish the cost-effectiveness of these interventions as well as the long-term benefits and harms of each intervention.
 nebuliser is an effective treatment option for children with acute asthma. however there is insufficient evidence to support the use of a nebulizer over a salbutamol or a spacer in patients with severe asthma. future research should focus on determining the optimal delivery method and duration of treatment and also on identifying the most cost effective delivery method e.g. inhaled albuterol/mdi/spacer combination). this review highlights the need for large well-designed adequately powered rcts that are sufficiently powered to detect clinically important differences in lung growth and bronchodilation between different delivery methods.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of shoulder replacement for rheumatoid arthritis. further well designed randomised controlled trials are needed to determine whether shoulder replacement is beneficial for patients with severe shoulder arthroplasty. such trials should be undertaken in the context of a large number of participants and adequately powered placebo-controlled clinical trials. future trials should also assess shoulder function and pain relief in patients with moderate to severe shoulder disease. these findings should be interpreted with caution as they are based on only a small number of studies and have a high risk of bias.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of a single or multiple cuff catheter in capd patients. further large randomised controlled trials are needed to determine whether one type of catheter is more or less effective than another in terms of mortality and morbidity. such trials should be of sufficient size to detect clinically important differences between different catheters. future research should also assess the safety of single cuffs versus double cuffs as an alternative to standard cuffs.
 at present there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of adjunctive therapy for lennoxgastaut syndrome. further large randomised controlled trials are needed to assess the efficacy and safety of adjuvant therapy in this population. these trials should be of high quality with a focus on seizure reduction and seizure suppression. future trials should also evaluate the long-term effects of adjuniactive therapy on seizure severity and seizure response.
 there is no evidence to support or refute the use of dietary advice during pregnancy to reduce maternal and infant weight gain. further research is needed to determine whether dietary advice can be effective in reducing maternal morbidity and mortality during pregnancy. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.there is a need for large well-designed randomised controlled trials with long-term follow-up before recommendations can be made about the most appropriate dietary advice for women at high risk of developing gdm. such trials should also assess the impact on mother's health status.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of any specific therapeutic intervention for treating haemiplegic stroke patients. further randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the most effective and safest therapeutic intervention in this population. such trials should be adequately powered with a focus on patient-centred outcome measures that are clinically important to both patients and their carers. future research should also assess the long-term effects of these interventions on quality of life and cost implications.
 there is some evidence to suggest that family skills training may be effective in reducing adolescent drug use. however this conclusion is based on only a small number of trials and it is not possible to draw firm conclusions about the relative effectiveness of such training components. future research should focus on determining the most effective type of parenting training for young people at risk of drug use and also on identifying the most promising interventions to deliver this intervention. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of antibiotics in treating acute sinusitis. further large randomised controlled trials are needed to determine whether antibiotics are beneficial or harmful for patients with acute sinitus. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed. we conclude that antibiotic treatment should be given at the time of clinical diagnosis and at the place of a topical corticosteroid monotherapy in the treatment of acute siniusitis.
 inhaled nitric oxide appears to be a promising treatment option for patients with ards. however the clinical importance of this conclusion is uncertain. further well-conducted and reported rcts are needed to determine its place in everyday clinical practice. such trials should also assess the long-term effects on mortality and quality of life. future research should also evaluate the safety of inhaled sulphric oxide compared to conventional therapy. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusionsof the review once assessed.
 in patients with cancer and non-hodgkinkinkinland cancer erythropoietin therapy appears to be a safe and effective means of improving overall survival and quality of life. however it is not clear whether this benefit is sustained beyond the end of treatment. further well designed rcts are needed to determine the optimal dose and duration of treatment and to assess the long-term benefits and harms of each treatment option. these trials should also evaluate the safety profile of each drug and their cost-effectiveness.
 combined spinal-epidural analgesia appears to be superior to traditional epidural in terms of pain relief for labour and childbirth. however there is insufficient evidence to support the superiority of combined spinal pidural over other regional analgesia techniques such as bupivacaine or dural puncture. further research is needed to determine the relative effectiveness and safety of these two forms of analgesia. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the conclusion of the full review once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of omega-3 fatty acid supplements for treating atopic eczema. further well designed and reported randomised controlled trials are needed to determine whether omega-2 fatty acid supplementation is beneficial for people with atopic ezema in terms of clinical condition and quality of life. these trials should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences between different doses and duration of treatment and to assess the effect of oral and oral preparations on symptom scores.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of antibiotics for treating spontaneous bacterial peritonitis in cirrhosis. further randomised clinical trials are needed to determine whether antibiotics are more effective than ceftriaxone and ciprofloxacin in treating patients with uncomplicated bacterial peritoneitis. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed. a large well-designed randomised controlled trial is carried out.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of antibiotic prophylaxis in the treatment of vaginal delivery. further randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the role of antibiotics in treating vaginal delivery and its complications. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the full review once assessed. future research should focus on determining the most effective antibiotic therapy for women who sustained third or fourth degree perineal tears after a vaginal birth.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of pme for urinary incontinence following radical prostatectomy. future research should focus on determining whether pme is more effective than placebo in terms of continence recovery and quality of life compared with other physical therapies such as pharmacological treatment and cognitive behavioural training. a large well-designed randomised controlled trial is needed to determine the relative benefits and harms of pmes over other physical therapy options. note the 27 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the study once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of psychosocial interventions for smoking cessation in people with schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder. future research should focus on identifying promising pharmacological interventions that are most effective in reducing smoking behaviour and may be more cost-effective than other pharmacological treatments such as benzodiazepines nrt and clozapine. it is also important to note that this review was based on only a small number of studies and that the majority of the trials were conducted before the end of the study period.
 vvi pacing appears to be a safe and effective method of ventricular pacing compared with ddd pacing in patients with sinus syndrome. however the clinical significance of this conclusion is uncertain. further randomised controlled trials are needed to determine the optimal pacing mode for these patients. such trials should also test the safety of vvi-pacing versus ddd/ddd pacing as well as the long-term effects on cardiovascular morbidity and mortality.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of contingency contract interventions for treating patients with rheumatoid arthritis. further well-designed and reported randomised controlled trials are needed to establish the effectiveness of such interventions in treating rheumatic fever. these trials should be of sufficient size to detect clinically important differences in mortality morbidity and serious adverse effects between different types of intervention. future research should focus on determining the most appropriate type of intervention and its cost-effectiveness as well as patient satisfaction and quality of life.