 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of any of the interventions reviewed in this review. further well-designed and reported trials are needed to establish the effectiveness and safety of interventions for acute mental illness. such trials should be conducted in low-income countries where there is a need for high-quality trials to evaluate the effectiveness of interventions to improve quality of life in acute mental illnesses.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of interventions to improve visual impairment in school-aged children with visual impairment. however there is a need for well-designed and reported randomised controlled trials to evaluate the effects of interventions on visual impairment and to investigate the effects on other outcomes such as adverse effects such as neurodevelopmental outcomes and adverse effects.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of any intervention for primary spontaneous pneumothorax. we recommend that future trials should be conducted in low and middle-income countries to evaluate the effectiveness of interventions to improve clinical outcome and to compare the effectiveness and safety of interventions in this population. we suggest that future studies should include adequately powered placebo-controlled trials with adequate sample sizes and outcome measures to assess the efficacy of interventions on primary spontaneous pneumonia.
 there is currently insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of radio-frequency ablation for hcc in patients with cirrhosis. however there is a need for well-designed adequately powered randomised controlled trials with low risk of bias. such trials should be conducted to determine the optimal dose and duration of ablation and to assess the efficacy and safety of this intervention.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of advice to stop smoking in general practice for reducing the prevalence of cardiorespiratory disease and reducing the number of quit attempts in the past year. the evidence is insufficient to support smoking cessation in the general practice setting. for other types of smoking cessation we recommend that advice to quit in the first-month follow-up be given to patients who are willing to stop using a simple advice and support to stop the smoking and reduce the proportion of women who are unable to quit after six-month. for people who are not able to quit because of a high-pressure environment and a decreased-pressure rate is associated with increased quit rates.
 preinterventions> bionator headgear and twin block appliances are effective in reducing overjet and twin-block conditions in children. the combination of two-block appliances is not effective in treating overjet or twin-blocks conditions in the united kingdom. there is insufficient evidence to support the routine use of these appliances in the treatment of overjet conditions in people with severe malocclusion.
 anticonvulsant therapy is effective in reducing seizure frequency and improving quality of life in people with epilepsy. however there is insufficient evidence to draw conclusions about the effectiveness of antiepileptic therapy in reducing adverse drug effects in epilepsy patients. there is no evidence to support or refute the use of this intervention in epilepsy care. there are insufficient data to draw any conclusions about its effectiveness in reducing seizures and reducing adverse events in epilepsy.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of antiretroviral therapy for hiv-infected women with pneumonia pcp. there is a need for high quality studies to investigate the effectiveness of this intervention in hiv treated women with pcp and to determine whether it is effective in hives-infectised women with hiv/human immunodeficiency virus.
 there is currently insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of dronabinol for the treatment of probable alzheimer's disease. further well-designed and reported trials are needed to confirm the effectiveness of this intervention in the management of probable ichioprine-induced heart attacks in people with suspected probable or suspected ichiprine-mediated heart attacks.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of mask-based interventions for women undergoing elective or urological surgery. there is a need for high quality randomised controlled trials to investigate the efficacy of masks-based intervention on women with uncomplicated breast. such trials should be of high methodological quality and should be conducted in the context of high quality.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of smoking cessation programmes for adolescents with no intention to quit smoking. there is no evidence to suggest that smoking cessation programs are effective for reducing smoking in young people with no intentions to quit. there are no studies to support smoking cessation for adolescents who do not wish to quit but there is evidence that there is an increase in smoking cessation in those who do wish to stop smoking in high-income settings.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of magnesium sulphate regimens for women with pre-eclampsia during antepartum and postpartum periods. there is a need for further well-designed controlled trials to evaluate the efficacy and safety of these regimens in women with preeclampsiae. such trials should be conducted in low-income countries.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of erythropoietin in rheumatoid arthritis. however there is a need for well-designed adequately powered rcts to evaluate the effects of this intervention on patients with ra. such trials should be conducted in patients with moderate to severe disease acd with adequate follow-up to assess the effect of this treatment on adverse events.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of distraction as an intervention for treating children with non-life-threatening conditions. there is a need for further trials to investigate the effects of distraction on children with severe adverse conditions and to compare the effectiveness of this intervention with other types of treatment for this condition. there are insufficient data to support the routine use of any type of distraction over other treatments for children with no-life threatening conditions.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of psychotherapy for posttraumatic stress disorder in people with ptsd and depression. there is no evidence that psychotherapy is effective in reducing ptsd symptoms in people who are experiencing traumatic stress disorder and depression but there is evidence that it is not effective in treating traumatic stress disorders in women with severe posttraumatic shock disorder and psychotherapeutic.
 oestrogen monotherapy is effective in suppressing spermatogenesis to azoospermia in chinese men but there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of monotherapy monotherapy over oestrogens monotherapy. men with azoosespermia should be treated with a long-acting corticosteroid to suppress spermaogenesis to prevent azoosaazoospermia. men who are unable to tolerate oestradiol and who are unwilling to use oestra-reductase inhibitors to prevent anoaspermia with a large-acting testosterone in order to reduce spermia and to prevent gonadotrophin-stimulating hormone in addition to anoazoosperogen and to stop using a large dose of oestRA-stimulation with a mon-actosterone for azootrophins and to use a large loading dose of azoosep to prevent oestria in chia men with oestroazoosparuspermia and azoosalp-stimulants for preventing anoastrogen deficiency in china men with no treatment or no treatment for oestrospermia for preventing gonadotropins in chinos and no treatment with a corticasa for preventing oestras for preventing sexual changes in chinomosa-reduction in men with anoasis in chases and no cure for men with anticoagulants in chanoma and oestriotherapy for preventing vasoasis for preventing sexually impaired men who have a decreased history to prevent sexual changes and a decrease in libido in men who will stop using an oestronous monotherapy to prevent vasoagulation in a monotherapy in choco-controlled women with a decreased treatment for men who is unable to have an adequate treatment to prevent sexually active men who would prefer to have a mild treatment in a mild-controlled disease with a reduction in a decreased dose of mon-vent
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of anti-prostaglandine drugs for the treatment of iud-induced menorrhagia and dysmenorrhea in women with intrauterine contraceptive devices. there is a need for further well-designed controlled trials to determine the effectiveness of these drugs for women with iuds and to determine whether they are effective in reducing menstrual blood loss.
 preterm infants at risk of chronic lung disease should be treated with corticosteroids to prevent cld. there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the routine use of early systemic steroids in preterm preterm newborns. further research is needed to determine the optimal dose and duration of steroid use in preterms infants. note the six citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the conclusions once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of the primary canine only in the treatment of pdc. further research is needed to determine the role of primary and secondary canine only on the treatment and prevention of pre-existing pdc pdc and to determine whether the primary or secondary canine can be used as an adjunctive treatment for pdc in this setting.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of hyperbaric oxygen therapy for acute ischemic stroke. however there is a need for further well-designed controlled trials to evaluate the efficacy and safety of this therapy. such trials should be conducted in patients with acute ischaemia and should be powered to assess the safety and efficacy of this intervention.
 there is currently insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of surgical implants for radial head fractures in adults. further trials are needed to determine the optimal surgical implant type for the treatment of radial head fracture in adults with unstable fractures of the radial head and to determine whether surgical implants are safe and effective for this type of fracture. future trials should include adequately powered randomised controlled trials with adequate sample sizes and adequate follow-up.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of radiofrequency thermal lumbar sympathectomy as a treatment for acute regional pain syndrome type 1 </population> however there is a need for well-designed adequately powered randomised controlled trials with adequate sample sizes and adequate follow-up. such trials should be conducted in high-income countries.
 there is currently insufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of computer-assisted interventions for sexual risk reduction in people with sexually transmitted disease. there is a need for further high quality trials to evaluate the effectiveness and safety of computer interventions for sexually transmitted diseases. future research should focus on improving the quality of life of people with sexual transmitted disease and on the prevention of hiv and its complications.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of interventions to improve asthma outcomes in people with asthma. we recommend that interventions be based on the best available evidence and that they should be used in combination with other interventions such as pharmacological interventions for children with asthma who are at high risk of developing asthma exacerbations and who are willing to take part in clinical trials.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of dietary supplements for the treatment of active crohn's disease. there is a need for well-designed adequately powered randomised controlled trials to evaluate the effects of dietary intake on clinical outcomes such as quality of life and progression of disease. such trials should be conducted in low-income countries with a high risk of bias.
 acetaminophen is effective analgesics for postoperative analgesia in post-operative pain and analgesia is associated with analgesia and associated analgesia with a reduction of pain after analgesia. the combination of 60 mg codeine and 60 mg acetaminol is effective for post-interventions but the combination is not associated with an analgesia associated analgesic with a decrease of pain in postoperative pain but the reduction of post-outcomes is not significant.
 donepezil hydrochloride therapy for alzheimer's disease is associated with a reduction in symptoms and progression of dementia in patients with mild to moderately severe dementia. there is insufficient evidence to support its use as a treatment for mild and moderately severe disease. there are insufficient data to support the use of this treatment in patients who are at increased risk of deterioration in dementia.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of gonadotrophins as an oocyte agonist in ivf cycles due to inadequate ovarian response and insufficient oocytes obtained prior to and during induction of of cycles. there are insufficient data to make any recommendations for clinical practice based on current available evidence. future research should focus on improving the quality of life in women with inadequate oocytes following oocytes retrieved prior to or during of cycle and on improving clinical pregnancy rates.
 gabapentin and lamotrigine are effective for the relief of tinnitus in patients with moderate tinnis. however there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of these drugs in the treatment of moderate to severe tinniitus. further trials are required to determine the optimal dose and duration of treatment and to assess the effects of these agents on patients with tinnititus.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of macrolide antibiotics for rhinosinusitis. there is a need for well-designed adequately powered placebo-controlled trials to evaluate the efficacy and safety of this intervention. such trials should be conducted in low-income countries with low incidence of complications such as pneumonia and other adverse effects such as diabetes.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of antihistamine-decongestants in children with common colds. there is no evidence to suggest that the combination is superior to the combination in relieving nasal congestion in adults or children with acute rhinovirus colds or in combination with other antihistamines. there are no studies comparing the combination of the combination with the monosterants in adults and children with severe sinus symptoms and there is a need for further trials to determine the effect of combination of combination medications in adults with severe nasal congestion and to compare the effects of combination with non-sinusus symptoms.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of insulin-dependent insulin infusion for type 1 diabetes mellitus in type 1 diabetic patients with type 1 retinopathy. there is no evidence to suggest that continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion is associated with a reduction in hypoglycaemia and a decrease in blood glucose levels. there are no studies comparing insulin-based insulin-derived insulin-containing insulin-treated patients with mdi with type-2 retinopaths and no studies assessing the effect of insulin on glycaemic control in type-1 diabetic patients.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of tobacco marketing as an effective means of promoting smoking in children and adolescents. there is a need for further research to investigate the effectiveness of tobacco promotion as an intervention for promoting smoking among children and young people in germany. the results of this review suggest that there is no convincing evidence that tobacco marketing is effective in promoting young people to stop smoking.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of heparin-plus-alteplase for acute pulmonary embolism in patients with acute submassive pulmonary embolaism. there is a need for further well-designed controlled trials to investigate the efficacy and safety of different heparins-containing agents for acute submy pulmonary embolicism in this population.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the routine use of antibiotics for intra-amniotic infection in women with umbilical cord infection. further research is needed to determine the optimal antibiotic regimen for intra–amniotic treatment in women who are at high risk of endometritis. note the four citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of this review once assessed.
 diflunisal is effective in treating postoperative pain after meniscectomy but there is insufficient evidence to support its use as an adjuvant for postoperative analgesia. the available trials are too small to draw any definite conclusions about its efficacy. the current available evidence is insufficient to make any recommendations for the management of postoperative post-operative pain following oral surgery. future research should focus on improving the quality of life of patients with preoperative pain.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of culture-confirmed regimens in people with melioidosis in thailand. there is no evidence to suggest that the combination regimens are more effective than the combination regimen in reducing mortality in these patients. there are insufficient data to support the routine use of these regimens as monotherapy in people who are suspected of having melioidsosis. no studies are available to determine the optimal combination regimen for the treatment of melioidiosis in people treated with monotherapy.
 telephone consultations with general practitioners are effective in reducing the demand for same-day appointments in general practice. however there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of telephone consultations as a substitute for other forms of primary care in patients with pre-existing conditions. further research is required to determine whether telephone consultations are an effective intervention for patients who are to receive care in the emergency setting.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of long-acting gonadotropins in combination with an oral contraceptive for hirsutism. there is a need for further well-designed and reported trials to determine the optimal combination of progestational hormone agonists and progestogen therapy for women with pisa pisa and hystrogen. the current evidence is insufficient to make any recommendations for clinical practice.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of p. aeruginosa in cystic fibrosis for the treatment of pseudomonas aeruginaosa infection in adults. there is no evidence to suggest that the treatment is associated with a reduction in pulmonary status in people with pseudomonates aeruginososa infection. there are insufficient data to assess the effect of the treatment on pulmonary function and microbiologic outcome in people who are stable with cyst fibrosis. there was no evidence that there was any difference between the treatment and the control groups in terms of pulmonary status and clinical outcomes.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of oral beta-carotene supplementation in cystic fibrosis. there is a need for well-designed controlled trials to evaluate the efficacy and safety of this intervention in people with cf. such trials should be conducted in people at high risk of adverse events and should be powered to detect clinically important differences in adverse events.
 antimicrobial prophylaxis is effective in reducing bacteriuria after transrectal prostatic biopsy of the prostate. the combination of antimicroicroactic regimens does not seem to be associated with a reduction in bacterialiuria but the number of patients needing hospital is too small to draw any conclusions. antimicrootal prostasis biopsy is not associated with an increased risk of bacteriological complications. the reduction is associated with antimicroscreatasis. however there is insufficient evidence to support the use of antibiotics to reduce bacteriuria in the treatment of patients with urinary tract infections.
 hiv testing and counselling for hiv-positive women are more likely to initiate hiv tests during pregnancy and are less likely to attempt an unsafe abortion than women who do not initiate an art during hiv treatment. women who are not pregnant should be encouraged to use hiv test during pregnancy. women should be informed of the risk of mtct and be informed about hiv and/or prophylaxis in hiv/hiv testing during the consultation.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of any of the interventions reviewed in this review. further trials are needed to confirm the effectiveness of interventions for pregnant women with preterm infants with low risk of preterm birth and to evaluate the effects of interventions on pregnancy outcomes such as adverse effects on fetal growth and adverse effects such as miscarriage and acute fetal distress.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of sildenafil for the treatment of hyperprolactin-induced erectile dysfunction in people with schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorders. however there is a need for further well-designed and reported trials with adequate sample sizes and adequate follow-up periods to assess the effects of sietenafils on erectile function in people who have schizophrenia or schizophrenia.
 percutaneous endoscopic endoscopic gastrostomy is an effective method for reducing peristomal wound infection in patients with severe endoscopic grostomy infection. however there is insufficient evidence to support the use of antibiotic prophylaxis as an effective treatment for percutaneously endoscopic oropharyngeal wound infection. there is no evidence to suggest that antibiotics prophyleaxis is effective for preventing peristomomal infection in people with severe or peristal infections.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of hemiarthroplasty as a surgical treatment for subcapital femoral fracture in patients with subcaporal femoral fractures. however there is a need for further high quality trials to evaluate the efficacy and safety of different surgical treatment approaches. such trials should be conducted in high-quality settings with low risk of bias.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of vitamin e ascorbic acid and vitamin e in the prevention of cvd in people with oa and china and in-patients with vitamin e. vitamin e is effective in reducing the risk of lung cancer and in people at high risk for cvd and in patients with vitamin and trace elements and in those with macronutrient deficiency and in all-cause mortality and in the control groups.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of hip replacement for displaced intracapsular hip fractures of the femoral neck in adults. there is no evidence to suggest that hyp-resep is more effective than hypatorial hip replacement in patients with displaced hip fractures with a sliding compression screw. there are insufficient data to determine the optimal hip replacement technique for these fractures in adults or patients with hip arthroplasty.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of anticholinergics for the treatment of acute cerebral ischemia. there is a need for well-designed adequately powered trials to evaluate the efficacy and safety of these agents in this condition. such trials should be conducted in high-income countries with aphasia as well as low-dose heparin and low dose heparins.
 antenatal phenobarbital pb therapy is effective in reducing intraventricular hemorrhage in preterm infants less than 35 weeks of gestation. there is insufficient evidence to support the routine use of pb treatment in neonatal prelabour. further trials are required to determine the optimal dose and duration of phenobital treatment in prelabours to assess the optimal duration of treatment and to assess its safety.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of long-acting naltrexone for maintenance treatment with depot opioid antagonists. the available evidence is insufficient to support the routine use of these opioids in treatment of opioid-dependent patients. there is a need for further well-designed controlled trials to assess the safety and tolerability of these opioid antagonists and to determine whether they are safe and effective in reducing opioid use.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of ultrasound guidance to guide needle-guided nerve blocks for sciatic nerve blocks in adults. there is no evidence to suggest that ultrasound guidance is more effective than nerve-guided guidance for nerve stimulation in adults or children. there are insufficient data to determine the optimal technique for this type of block in adults and children. future research should focus on the most appropriate technique for the most effective approach to sgas blocks in adult patients.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of opioid-negative urine specimens as an add-on treatment for people with apiate-negative urines and/or cocaine-abusing women who are dependent and on methadone maintenance. these studies are limited by the small number of studies included in this review and the small sample sizes of the included studies. therefore we recommend that future studies should focus on the quality of the evidence and on the types of interventions that are most effective in reducing the number of people who are willing to continue to use opioid-positive urine specimens and on reducing the duration of abstinence.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the routine use of icm interventions for low-back pain in the management of workers with work-related complications. there is an urgent need for well-designed and reported trials to assess the effectiveness of icmia interventions for workers with low-head pain. future studies should focus on improving the quality of life and on improving patient-related outcomes.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of antioxidant supplements for cataract in adults. there is no evidence to suggest that antioxidant supplements are effective in reducing the incidence of cataracts in people with cardiovascular risk. there are insufficient data to support the routine use of vitamin e supplements in people at cardiovascular risk in people who are unable to tolerate or tolerate vitamin e supplementation. further research is required to determine whether antioxidant supplements should be used as an adjunct to other antiplatelet supplements for people at increased risk of age-related catarct.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the routine use of aspirin for colorectal adenomatous polyps. there is a need for further well-designed controlled trials to determine whether aspirin is effective for colorenctal cancer in people with familial adenoma. the current available evidence is insufficient to recommend the routine administration of aspirin to prevent adenomas in patients with familial polyps or polyps in people who do not have familial adensoma or polyp.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of disc replacement for leg pain in people with low-back pain. there is a need for further well-designed controlled trials to determine the best technique for disc replacement in this condition. future trials should focus on improving the quality of life in patients with low back pain and on improving pain and function in those with lower-back symptoms.
 there is currently insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of anticholinergics for acute painful crisis. however there is a need for well-designed adequately powered randomised controlled trials with adequate sample sizes and adequate follow-up to assess the efficacy of antitholinergic drugs for acute pain crisis in people with uncomplicated acute painful crises.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of relaxation training for dysmenorhea or dysmenorrhea. there is a need for well-designed trials to evaluate the efficacy and safety of relaxation treatment for the treatment of dysmenormorrhea and dysmenorihea. such trials should be conducted in low-income countries. the results of this review suggest that relaxation training may be effective in improving quality of life in dysmenomorhea.
 umbilical cord care regimens are effective in reducing neonatal omphalitis in preterm infants but there is insufficient evidence to support the use of any of these regimens in the prevention of neonatal infection. there are insufficient data to support any of the regimens used to reduce neonatal mortality in neonates. there is a need for further trials to determine the optimal method for umbilic cord care in neonatal care in low-income settings.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of blood glucose lowering agents for type 2 diabetes mellitus. however there is evidence that self-monitoring may improve metabolic control in patients with type 2 types of diabetes. there is no evidence to suggest that self monitoring is associated with improved glycaemic control in type 2 type 2 diabetic mellitus but there is a need for further studies.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of visual feedback for the treatment of cleft palate in adults with normal posterior posterior posterior tongue posturing during dental or alveolar sounds. there is a need for well-designed adequately powered trials to evaluate the efficacy and safety of these interventions in people with cleft mouth. future trials should include adequately powered placebo-controlled trials with adequate sample sizes and adequate follow-up periods.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of clonazepam as an effective treatment for akathisia in adults. however there is a need for well-designed adequately powered randomised controlled trials with adequate sample sizes and adequate follow-up to assess the efficacy and safety of this intervention. such trials should be conducted in high-income countries with low risk of bias.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of physiotherapy for rehabilitation after hip surgery for people with hip fractures. there is no evidence to suggest that physiotherapy is effective in improving functional outcomes after hip fracture. there are insufficient data to support the routine use of intensive physical therapy for rehabilitation following hip surgery in patients with hip fracture </interventions> for people who have had hip fractures and are at increased risk of falling after discharge.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of opioid analgesics for women undergoing day-to-day anaesthesia in general anaesthesia. there is no evidence to suggest that opioids are more effective than placebo in reducing postoperative postoperative nausea and other side effects. however there is a need for further well-designed controlled trials to assess the effects of opioids on postoperative analgesics in women with preoperative opioid anaesthesia and to determine whether opioids are better than placebo for women who are not anaesthetic.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of sexual risk reduction interventions for hiv risk reduction among women in low-income countries. the evidence is insufficient to support the use of condoms for prevention of hiv/sexually transmitted disease in women in high-income settings. there are insufficient data to support condom use for prevention against hiv-preventive diseases in women.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of open excision and primary closure for pilonidal sinus in patients with primary intention pns disease. the suture line is associated with a higher rate of wound healing than excision with primary closure. however there is no evidence to suggest that excision of the wound after primary closure is superior to excision without primary closure in patients who are unable to return to work after primary intention healing.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of autotransfusion for blood replacement in patients undergoing cabg. there is no evidence that any ofogeneic blood transfusion is associated with a reduction in post-operative haemostasis and no evidence of a decrease in blood requirements in patients who do not have a decreased need for donor blood or need for transfusion after blood replacement.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of perineal massage during pregnancy for women with perinesal trauma. further research is required to establish the effectiveness of this intervention for the prevention and management of pre-eclampsia and preterm birth in women with severe premenstrual trauma during pregnancy. note the four citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter our conclusions once assessed. we recommend that future trials should focus on women with premenal trauma at birth.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of human insulin as monocomponent porcine insulins for reducing hypoglycaemia in type 1 diabetic mellitus and in type 2 diabetics who are not dependent on human insulin for treating with animal insulin. there is no evidence to suggest that the reduction of glycaemia with human insulin is associated with increased blood glucose levels and increased blood sugar levels in people who are dependent on animal-based insulin.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of femoro-popliteal bypass grafts for limb-threatening ischaemia. there is a need for further studies to determine the optimal technique for bypass grafting for the treatment of critical limb ischemia and to compare the effectiveness of different methods of grafting to improve the patency and patency of the limb. the current evidence is insufficient to support the routine use of this technique.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the routine use of nasogastric feeding for preterm infants of low birth weight in denver. there is a need for high quality trials to determine the optimal route for this purpose. such trials should be undertaken in the context of adequate follow-up periods. such studies should be conducted in low birthweight infants with a high risk of complications.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the routine use of peritoneal drainage in preterm infants with perforated necrotizing enterocolitis. there is a need for well-designed adequately powered randomised controlled trials with adequate follow-up to determine the optimal type of perforal drainage. such trials should be conducted in low and medium-term infants. these trials should include long-term outcomes such as survival and adverse effects.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of inhaled corticosteroids for the treatment of asthma in adults and children with moderate to severe asthma. theophylline is effective in reducing fev1 and pefr in adults with mild to moderate asthma but there is no evidence to suggest that inhaled osteroids are more effective than ics for the maintenance treatment of mild asthma in patients with moderate asthma.
 dexamethasone is effective in treating acute infectious mononucleosis. however the available evidence is insufficient to recommend dexamine as a first-line treatment for the treatment of acute infectious mononucleitis. further trials are required to determine the optimal dose and duration of dexamestasone treatment for acute infectious Mononucleoses.
 desmopressin monosymptomatic enuresis is effective in reducing dry nights in children but there is insufficient evidence to support its use in children with nocturnal enuretic enuresi as monos-adrenoceptor blocking substances in children. there are insufficient data to support the use of hydressin for the treatment of noctcturnal deuresis in children and adults. there is a need for well-designed controlled trials to evaluate the efficacy and safety of these agents.
 urokinase and r-uk are effective in restoring normal function to occluded cvads but there is insufficient evidence to support their use as an add-on treatment for cvad occlusion. the available evidence is insufficient to support the use of these agents as an adjunct to other therapies. further trials are required to determine the optimal dose and route of administration and to assess the safety and tolerability of these drugs.
 endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography followed by endoscopic sphincterotomy reduces systemic and local inflammation in patients with acute biliary pancreatitis and bile duct stones is associated with a reduction in local inflammation and a decrease in local complications. however there is insufficient evidence to draw any conclusions about the effect on local inflammation on clinical outcomes.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the routine use of reminder letters as a first step in mammogram screening for women with abnormal mammogram results. however there is some evidence that reminder letters may be effective in improving adherence to screening. however the evidence is limited by the small number of studies included in this review and the small sample size of the included studies.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of topical trans-retinoic acid for cervical intraepithelial neoplasia ii or iii in women with low-grade sil of the cervix. however there is a need for further well-designed and reported trials to determine the optimal dose and duration of treatment for cervix-associated cervical cancer.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the routine use of rescue mtx-cf in the management of osteosarcoma. there is a need for well-designed adequately powered placebo-controlled trials to evaluate the efficacy and safety of rescue. such trials should be conducted in low-income countries. future trials should focus on adequately powered adequately powered trials with adequate sample sizes and follow-up.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of prenatal estradiol and progesterone replacement in preterm infants. further trials are needed to determine whether these agents are effective in preventing preterm infant morbidity and mortality and to compare the effects of these agents on long-term neurodevelopmental outcomes. note the six citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter our conclusions once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of monotherapy for advanced gastric cancer in patients with advanced gric cancer. there is no evidence that monotherapy or monotherapy is superior to monotherapy in terms of quality of life and time to progression in patients treated with monotherapy and no evidence of toxicity or toxicity in patients receiving monotherapy<sep> monotherapy does not appear to be superior to the treatment of patients with metastatic gastric cancers. no evidence is available to support monotherapy as a standard treatment for advanced gastric cancer but no evidence for toxicity or toxicities is available.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of g-csf as an adjunctive therapy for acute lymphoblastic leukemia all. however there is a need for further well-designed controlled trials to assess the effects of this intervention on mortality and quality of life outcomes in patients with acute lymphoplastic leukemia and to determine the optimal regimen for this type of treatment.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the routine use of ranibizumab injections for the treatment of macular edema after brvo. further research is required to determine the optimal dose and route of administration for this treatment and to compare the efficacy and safety of different injections for macular ophthalmology following brvo and to determine whether the injections should be used as an adjunct to other injections for treating macular ipsugab injections.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of corticosteroids in cystic fibrosis. however there is a need for further well-designed controlled trials with adequate follow-up to assess the efficacy and safety of oral prednisone therapy. these trials should be powered to detect clinically important changes in pulmonary function and progression of lung disease and should be adequately powered to assess clinically important outcomes.
 eicosapentaenoic acid is effective in treating dyskinesia in people with td but there is insufficient evidence to support its use as an adjuvant for people with schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorders. there is a need for further well-designed controlled trials with adequate follow-up to determine the optimal dose and duration of treatment.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of aromatherapy during labour for the prevention of pregnancy-associated adverse effects. further trials are needed to confirm the efficacy and safety of this intervention for prevention of adverse effects in labour. note the six citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the reviewed review once assessed.
 folic acid is an effective treatment for depression and schizophrenia. there is insufficient evidence to recommend its use as an add-on treatment for people with acute depression or schizophrenia. further research is required to determine the optimal dose and duration of treatment for acute depression and other types of depression disorders in people with mild to moderate depression and/or schizophrenia and to assess the effects of other types and types of antidepressants.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of local anaesthetic injection of the cervix for cervical biopsy for cervical intraepithelial neoplasia. the results of this review suggest that local anaesthesia may be effective for reducing pain associated with cervical surgery for cervix. however the results are based on a small number of studies with a small sample size and are insufficient to make any recommendations for practice.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of multiple-component interventions for hip fracture in older people. there is a need for further well-designed and reported trials to assess the effectiveness and safety of these interventions in improving functional outcomes for older people with hip fracture. future research should focus on improving the quality of life of older people who are most likely to benefit from these studies and on improving their ability to perform daily living.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of interventions aimed at reducing adverse effects of intervention aimed at preschool children. there is a need for further high quality trials to evaluate the effectiveness and safety of interventions targeting preschool children with pre-existing adverse effects. such trials should focus on improving the quality of life of preschool children as well as on the cost-effectiveness of interventions aiming at prevention of adverse effects on adverse effects such as adverse effects and adverse events.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the routine use of sodium bicarbonate in the treatment of organophosphorous pesticide poisoning. further trials are needed to confirm the efficacy and safety of this intervention in the management of op poisoning. these trials should be conducted in high-income countries with low incidence of adverse events such as adverse effects and adverse effects.
 there is currently insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of advance directives for mental health care in people with serious mental illnesses. we recommend that advance directives be used as an alternative to compulsory readmissions in order to reduce the number of days spent in hospital and reduce the rate of hospital readmissions. we suggest that future research should focus on improving the quality of life of people with severe mental illnesses and on assessing the effects of these interventions on people with schizophrenia.
 prophylactic closure of the patent ductus arteriosus pda reduces the risk of bronchopulmonary dysplasia and death in preterm infants with pda. however there is insufficient evidence to support the use of this intervention in very low birthweight infants with severe obstructive pda who are at high risk of developing pda or pda and there are insufficient data to support its use in extremely low birth weight infants.
 ra-adrenoceptor agonists are effective in improving lung function and reducing the risk of serious adverse events in patients with mild to moderate asthma. ra2-agonists is effective in reducing the rate of inhaled bronchodilator use in adults with moderate to severe asthma but there is insufficient evidence to support the use of RA2-agonist formsoterol in patients who are allergic to inhaled corticosteroids in monotherapy and to support a reduction in serious adverse effects in adults and children with severe asthma.
 home-based nursing interventions are effective in improving quality of life in hiv-infected patients. there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of this intervention. there are insufficient data to support the use of home based nursing interventions for hiv/aids. future research should focus on improving the quality and quantity of life of hiv patients in areas where hiv is not prevalent.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the routine use of risperidone as a treatment for people with autism. there is a need for further well-designed controlled trials to evaluate the effectiveness of risp as a therapeutic treatment for children with autism and other pervasive developmental disorders. such trials should be conducted with adequate follow-up to assess the efficacy and safety of these interventions.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the routine use of preoperative surgery for advanced ovarian cancer. however there is a need for further well-designed trials to evaluate the effects of preop surgery on progression-free survival and overall survival in women with advanced ovarian carcinoma. these trials should focus on women with moderate to severe residual disease and on women who are at high risk of complications and/or death.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of ultrasound for knee osteoarthritis oa. there is a need for further well-designed and reported trials to evaluate the effects of ultrasound on knee range of motion and to determine whether ultrasound is an effective treatment for knee oa with respect to improving functional status and disability in patients with knee oae. the results of this review suggest that ultrasound may be effective in improving knee range and disability but further research is required to determine the optimal treatment for this condition.
 ciclesonide and budesonide are both effective in reducing the need for rescue medication in adults and children with mild to moderate asthma. there is insufficient evidence to support the use of these two drugs in adults with asthma. however there are insufficient data to support their use in children with severe asthma. we recommend that future trials should be conducted to determine the optimal dose and duration of use for these two types of ics.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of ics for the treatment of musculoskeletal pain in people aged 50 years or older. we recommend that ics should be used as part of routine clinical practice. we suggest that future trials should focus on patients with a history of neoplastic disorders and on those patients with an existing history of neurological disorders. we also recommend that future studies should include long-term follow-up.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the routine use of erythrocyte in the treatment of isolated isolated hip fractures. further trials are needed to determine the optimal dose and duration of eriesthrocytes in isolated hip fracture surgery. these trials should be conducted in high-income countries with low risk of bias and should be powered to detect clinically important adverse effects.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of screening programmes for people with visual acuity in primary care. there is evidence that screening programmes are effective in reducing the risk of falling in people aged 75 years or older. however the evidence is based on a small number of studies with low risk of bias and is insufficient to make any recommendations for practice. future research should focus on improving the quality of life of people with vision acuity.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of contraceptive advice for women who have undergone abortion. there is a need for further research to investigate the effectiveness of contraceptive counseling for women with a history of adverse effects. the findings of this review suggest that the use and safety of contraceptive counselling for women using contraceptive methods should be evaluated in future studies.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of interventions to improve adherence to treatment in epilepsy. however there is a need for further high quality randomised controlled trials to evaluate the effectiveness of interventions for epilepsy. such trials should be conducted in people with epilepsy with seizure type and frequency and should be of high methodological quality. future trials should focus on outcomes that are clinically relevant to patients with epilepsy such as quality of life and cost-effectiveness.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of telephone-delivered interventions for hiv-infected persons in rural areas of the united states. however there is a need for further research to investigate the effectiveness of these interventions in hiv/aids in reducing depressive symptoms and improving quality of life in these populations. future research should focus on improving the quality and quantity of the studies and on identifying the most effective interventions to improve the quality of the trials.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of topical antibiotics for corneal abrasion. however there is evidence that topical antibiotics may be effective in treating traumatic corneaal epithelial abrasions. there is no evidence to suggest that topical antibiotic treatment is effective in preventing eye pain. there are no studies investigating the effect of topical antibiotic treatments on corneally abrabrasion and there is a need for further trials.
 triflusal is effective in the prevention of acute myocardial infarction and is associated with a reduction in vascular events but there is no evidence of a reduction of vascular events. there is a need for revascularization in patients with severe angina. there are insufficient data to draw any conclusions about the effect on vascular events in people with mild ischemic stroke or tia. further trials are required to determine the effect of antplatelet agents on the incidence of major vascular events and to determine whether they are effective in patients who are at high risk of vascular complications.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of alcohol interlock restrictions for alcohol-related traffic offences. we recommend that the development of an intervention to reduce alcohol traffic violations should be undertaken in the context of rigorous randomised controlled trials with adequate sample sizes and adequate follow-up. trials should be conducted to determine the optimal intervention and to compare the effectiveness of interventions to prevent alcohol traffic offences in alcohol traffic offenses.
 topical phenytoin is effective in reducing ulcer volume reduction in leprosy ulcers but there is insufficient evidence to recommend its use as an alternative to normal saline for the treatment of plantar ulcers. there is a need for further well-designed and reported trials to evaluate the effectiveness of topical povidone iodine for the management of simple ulcers in people with severe trophic ulcers and to determine the optimal route of administration for the prevention of severe ulcer infection.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of spinal manipulation for primary dysmenorrhea. there is a need for further well-designed randomised controlled trials with adequate sample sizes to evaluate the effects of spinal manipulative therapy on primary dysmanorrhea and to compare the effects on secondary dysmenorhea with placebo and other non-surgical treatments.
 botulinum toxin type b bont/b is effective in treating cervical dystonia cd. however there is insufficient evidence to recommend its use as an adjuvant for women with idiopathic cervix. further trials are needed to determine its safety and efficacy. note the four citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter our conclusions once assessed. future trials should focus on improving the quality of life of women with cd.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of cranberry juice as an antibiotic prophylaxis in the prevention of symptomatic utis in people with sci. there is no evidence to suggest that it is associated with a reduction in bacteriuria in patients with sci but there is evidence of a decrease in urinary tract infection in people who are at increased risk of developing urinary tract infections. there are no studies available for other types of antibiotics.
 oral teriflunomide is an effective treatment for relapsing rms in people with rms. however there is insufficient evidence to recommend its use as an add-on treatment for rms because of its adverse effects and adverse effects. further trials are needed to determine the optimal dose and duration of treatment and to assess the efficacy and safety of other add-ons for multiple sclerosis types.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of pre-treatment interventions for acute stroke patients. there is a need for well-designed adequately powered randomised controlled trials with adequate follow-up to assess the effects of pretreatment interventions on stroke outcomes. such trials should be conducted in the context of well designed adequately powered adequately powered placebo-controlled trials.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of smokeless tobacco st users to quit but there is no evidence to suggest that the cessation of st users is associated with a reduction in st use. we are unable to draw any conclusions because of the lack of evidence for other types of tobacco cessation in the studies included in this review. we recommend that future studies should be conducted to determine the best methods of support for st users and to compare the effectiveness of different types of support and methods for reducing st users.
 dobutamine stress echocardiography dse and dse are more sensitive than cimt and are associated with increased risk of cardiovascular events in patients with end-stage renal disease. dse may be associated with decreased risk of cardiotoxicity in patients who have normal thallium imaging and decreased risk for cardiovascular events. the risk of stroke is increased with dse but is associated with reduced risk of coronary angiographic and decreased risks of stroke in those patients with normal thickness.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of anaesthesia for carotid endarterectomy under local anaesthesia. there is no evidence to suggest that anaesthesia is superior to general anaesthesia in reducing the risk of myocardial ischemia or stroke in patients with cotid ischemias. there are insufficient data to make any recommendations for practice. future research should focus on improving the quality of life of patients with carotids endartèrectomy.
 <interventions> botulinum toxin type a bont-a is effective in treating cavus foot pain in people with a cavus type 1a. there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of any of the interventions in this type of foot pain. further research is required to determine the optimal treatment for cavus feet.
 massage therapy is an effective treatment for low-back pain in people with subacute and sub-acute conditions. there is insufficient evidence to support the use of massage therapy as a treatment for non-specific low-b pain in patients with low-pills. however there is a need for further well-designed trials to investigate the effectiveness of massage therapies for low back pain in low-outcomes.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of any of the interventions reviewed in this review. further trials are needed to confirm the efficacy and safety of various interventions for the treatment of skeletal anterior open bite malocclusion and to evaluate the effectiveness of other interventions such as the fr-4 appliance. future trials should evaluate the efficacy of interventions for this condition and should include long-term follow-up.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of home-based contraceptives for preventing repeat pregnancy among women in low-income countries. there is a need for high quality trials to investigate the effectiveness of home based contraceptives for prevention of repeat pregnancy in women with prentice and other types of pregnancy. there are insufficient studies to evaluate the effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of homebased contraceptives.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the routine prophylaxis of parenteral nutrition for preterm infants with staphylococcal sepsis. there is a need for adequately powered randomised controlled trials with adequate follow-up to determine the optimal antibiotic regimen for this condition. such trials should be conducted in low birthweight infants with low birth weight infants.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of folic acid for the prevention of gingival hyperplasia in people with phenytoin-induced osteomalacia. there is a need for further trials to investigate the efficacy of vitamin e for the developmentally disabled in people who are at high risk of seizures and to determine whether vitamin e is beneficial for this type of epilepsy.
 weight loss interventions are effective in reducing weight loss in overweight and obesity in people at risk of type 2 diabetes </interventions> there is insufficient evidence to support the use of internet-based weight loss programmes for weight-loss maintenance in people who are at increased risk of diabetes. there are insufficient data to support weight loss programs for weight loss. there is a need for more studies to evaluate the effects of weight loss on weight loss outcomes and to investigate the effects on cardiovascular morbidity.
 usep> spironolactone and angiotensin-converting enzyme antagonists are effective in reducing albuminuria and reducing blood pressure in patients with non-diabetic nephropathy but there is insufficient evidence to support their use in this patient group. there is a need for further well-designed randomised controlled trials to evaluate the effects of these agents on blood pressure and blood pressure.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of fluid restriction in preterm infants with patent ductus arteriosus and congestive heart failure. there is a need for well-designed adequately powered trials to evaluate the effects of fluids restriction on mortality and morbidity in premature infants with prelabour dysplasia. such trials should be conducted in high-volume groups with low and low-volume infants.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of antihypertensive drugs during pregnancy to reduce the risk of preterm birth in women with pre-eclampsia and prelabetalol and pindol-hydralazine for women with mild to moderate hypertension during pregnancy. no studies were found to have a significant effect on neonatal outcome in women who were treated with non-pharmacological drugs.
 infliximab is an effective and safe treatment for ulcerative colitis. however there is insufficient evidence to support its use as an adjunctive treatment for patients with ulceration colitis or to support the use of other anti-tnf alpha therapies. further trials are required to determine the optimal dose and duration of treatment and to evaluate the efficacy and safety of other antifractory agents. these trials should be adequately powered and adequately powered.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of motivational interviewing as an intervention to reduce alcohol consumption in pregnant women. however there is a need for well-designed adequately powered trials with adequate sample sizes to assess the effects of motivational interview on alcohol consumption on pregnancy outcomes. such trials should be conducted in pregnancy women with low risk of antepartum alcohol consumption.
 polyethylene glycol 3350/electrolyte is more efficacious than lactulose and is associated with fewer adverse events than lactulinose. however the clinical significance of these adverse events is uncertain and further trials are required to determine the optimal combination of these agents for the management of constipation in people with chronic idiopathic constipation. future trials should include adequately powered randomised controlled trials with adequate follow-up to assess the efficacy and safety of different types of hydrolysates for treating constipation and to compare the effects of different hydrolytes.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of male condoms for prevention of hiv infection in the sex workers in africa. there is a need for more studies to investigate the effectiveness of male condom promotion strategies for hiv prevention in women sex workers. there are insufficient studies to assess the effectiveness and safety of male and female condom promotion for prevention among hiv-based sex workers and there is no evidence to suggest that women should be encouraged to use male condoms to prevent hiv.
 intertrochanteric femoral fractures of the femoral and hip fractures are associated with a decreased risk of peri-operative complications and a decreased need for blood transfusions and a reduced risk of postoperative complications. there is insufficient evidence to support the use of a high-pressure screw-plate for extramedullary hip fractures in elderly patients.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of psychosocial interventions for bipolar disorder. there is a need for further well-designed and reported trials to evaluate the effectiveness and safety of these interventions in bipolar disorder and to assess the effects of psychotherapy on other outcomes such as mood disorders and relapse rates. future research should focus on the development of long-term interventions for people with bipolar disorder as well as on improving the quality of life of people with a disorder.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of fluoride supplements in children with high caries risk. there is a need for further well-designed and reported trials to evaluate the effects of fluoride supplementation on adverse effects in children. the results should be interpreted with caution because of the small number of studies included in this review and the small sample sizes of the included studies.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of iprofloxic acid-resistant enteric fever in people with s. typhi and gatifloxacin as monidrug-resistant typhoid in adults and children. there is no evidence to suggest that the combination of azithromycin and poxy-oxyacin is more effective than the combination in treating people with mdr-resistant or nalidixic acid resistant enteric fe in adults.
 oesophageal reflux is associated with nocturnal asthma and does not appear to improve pulmonary function in people with asthma. there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of omeprazole for the treatment of gastro-oesophagal obstruction in adults with asthma associated with gastroesophagesal obstruction. there are insufficient data to support the routine use of these agents in the management of asthma associated to reduce symptoms in adults and children with asthma with a history of noctcturnal obstruction.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of dobutamine in preterm infants with respiratory distress syndrome. there is a need for further well-designed controlled trials to evaluate the effects of dopamine on preterm infant outcomes such as neurodevelopmental outcome and long-term neonatal outcomes. such trials should be conducted with adequate follow-up to assess the effect of dopamine in preventing hypotension on long term outcomes. these studies should be powered to detect clinically important differences between dopamine and placebo.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of primaquine for treating plasmodium vivax malaria in india. there is a need for well-designed controlled trials to determine the optimal regimen for this condition. future trials should focus on long-term outcomes such as quality of life and cost-effectiveness as well as patient-centred outcomes. trials should be conducted in low-resource settings to assess the efficacy of different regimens for this disease.
 omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid is effective in reducing blood pressure and reducing red cell deformability in people with peripheral arterial disease. however there is insufficient evidence to support its use as an adjunct to other therapies for people with claudication. further trials are required to determine the optimal type and duration of olep-3 pufa supplementation in patients with lower limb atherosclerosis.
 ibuprofen is effective in treating moderate to severe postpartum pain with acetaminophen. however there is insufficient evidence to recommend its use as an analgesic in the treatment of post-partum acute pain. further trials are needed to determine the optimal dose and duration of analgesia for acute postpartUM pain and to compare the efficacy and safety of other analgesic combinations for acute pain in prepartum.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of interventions to prevent injuries among tai chi practitioners. however there is a need for well-designed and reported trials to assess the effectiveness and safety of interventions for tai tai and tai- chi prevention programmes in the prevention of injuries among people aged 65 years or older in taichung county. such trials should be conducted in low-income countries.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of any one type of treatment for tmd in patients with tmd. however there is a need for further well-designed and reported trials to evaluate the effectiveness of different types of treatment in tmd and to compare the effectiveness and safety of various types of treatments in different patients with different conditions of tmd disorders.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of high-dose chemotherapy for hodgkin's disease. however there is a need for further well-designed randomised controlled trials to evaluate the effects of high dose chemotherapy on survival and progression-free survival in patients with relapsed hdgkin-kin lymphoma. these trials should be conducted in the context of adequate follow-up periods to determine the optimal chemotherapy regimen.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of omega-3 fatty acids in the treatment of cancer-associated wasting. there is a need for further well-designed trials to evaluate the effects of omega 3 fatty acids on quality of life in patients with advanced cancer. these trials should be conducted in high-quality patients with a high risk of bias and should be powered to detect clinically important changes in weight loss.
 there is currently insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of icsi in the treatment of non-male-factor infertility. further trials are needed to determine the optimal treatment for this condition. these trials should be conducted in high-quality settings with adequate follow-up periods and adequate sample sizes to detect clinically important differences in treatment outcomes. future trials should also evaluate the effects of other interventions on pregnancy outcomes.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of interactive cd-rom as a therapeutic intervention for children with cancer. however there is a need for further high quality trials to evaluate the effectiveness of interventions to improve quality of life outcomes in children with leukemia and their families. such trials should be conducted in high-quality settings with adequate follow-up and adequate sample sizes.
 laparoscopic-assisted colon resection for colorectal cancer is as effective as open surgery for rectal tumal cancer and is associated with a lower risk of tumour recurrences and a higher risk of infection. however there is insufficient evidence to make any definitive conclusions about the relative benefits and harms of laparoscopy-assisted surgery for colonic tumal resections for colonal cancer.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of high-frequency jet ventilation in preterm infants with respiratory distress syndrome. there is a need for further well-designed controlled trials to determine the optimal mode of ventilation for these infants. such trials should be conducted in prelabilated infants with rds. such studies should include long-term follow-up to assess the effect of high frequency jet ventilation on important outcomes such as neuroimaging and neurodevelopmental outcomes.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of acupuncture for the treatment of acute stroke patients with hemiparesis of the left or right side. however there is some evidence that acupuncture may be effective in improving functional outcome and improving quality of life in acute stroke. there is no evidence to suggest that acupuncture is effective for other types of functional impairment or that it may be beneficial for other forms of treatment such as physiotherapy and occupational therapy.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the routine use of corticosteroids for acute gvhd prophylaxis. however there is a need for high quality randomised controlled trials with adequate follow-up to determine the optimal dose and duration of treatment for this condition. such trials should be conducted in patients with advanced stages of acute gvshd who are at high risk of acute graft-related mortality or who are willing to tolerate treatment.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of hypertonic saline as a preloading for abdominal abdominal anaesthesia in patients who are to undergo spinal anaesthesia. there is no evidence to suggest that hydration is associated with hypotension or hypotension in patients with normal anaesthesia or in patients receiving anaesthesia with normal saline. however there is a need for further well-designed trials to determine whether hydration with hydration of hydration during abdominal anaesthetic reduces hypotension and hypotension during anaesthesia and to assess the effect of this on hypotension.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of surgical decompression for cts in cts. there is a need for further well-designed and reported randomised controlled trials to determine the optimal surgical decompressive surgery for this condition. such trials should be conducted in patients with idiopathic carpal tunnel syndrome and should be powered to detect clinically important outcomes such as neurophysiologic outcome.
 premenopausal women with uterine leiomyoma should be treated with raloxifene as a first line treatment for uterine and non-leiomyomoma. there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of this treatment in premenopause women. further research is required to determine the optimal treatment for pre-menopausal woman with asymptomatic uterine cervix and to assess the effects of other first line treatments on the development of uterine disease. note the four citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of this review.
 artemether and artemisinin are effective in reducing the risk of hypoglycaemia and reducing the duration of coma in people with severe falciparum malaria in ethiopia and in people treated with antimalarial drugs. artemisisinin is more effective than artemisid monocybinine for treating severe and complicated malaria in those treated with quinine and artemsidial quininine for reducing the time to recovery in those with severe malaria in people who are not stable.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of sertraline for treating anxiety disorders and social phobia in children and adolescents with ocd but no evidence to suggest that the combination is superior to the combination in treating social anxiety disorder and avoidanceant disorders in children. no evidence was found for other types of medications such as antidepressive therapy or for other forms of treatment for ocd or for treating people with overanxious and avoidant disorders.
 antimicroactic treatment with methenamine hippurate and trimethoprim is effective in preventing bacteriuria in women with neuropathic bladder infection. antimicroicroactic therapy should be used in combination with other antimicroactials. however there is insufficient evidence to support the routine use of antimicrocts in this setting. further trials are required to determine whether antimicroscylactic treatment is effective and to determine the optimal antibiotic regimen for this condition.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of nurse-delivered interventions for women at risk for domestic violence in pregnancy. women should be informed of the potential benefits and harms of nursing care for women who are at risk of domestic violence and should be encouraged to take care of their partners. women need to be informed about the potential harms and benefits of nursing services for women with domestic violence.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of topical anaesthetic preparations for treating ulcers of venous leg ulcers. there is a need for further well-designed and reported trials to determine the efficacy and safety of topical preparations for ulcers associated with debridement. these trials should be conducted in patients with venous ulcer types with a high risk of adverse events and should be of high quality.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of unfractionated heparin in orthopedic patients with low-molecular-weight lmolesp. there is a need for further well designed and reported trials to evaluate the effects of unfractated hegarin on clinical outcomes such as mortality and quality of life. such trials should be conducted in the context of adequately powered placebo-controlled trials.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the routine use of intravenous frusemide in the treatment of transient tachypnoea of the newborn. there is a need for well-designed controlled trials to evaluate the efficacy and safety of this intervention in infants with transient tachyypnea. such trials should be conducted in low-income countries and should be of high methodological quality.
 rosiglitazone is a monotherapy for type 2 diabetes and is associated with a decreased risk of hyperglycemia in patients with type 2 dm and dyslipidemia but no significant adverse events were reported in patients treated with monotherapy. there is insufficient evidence to support the use of monotherapy to reduce glycaemic control in type 2dm mellitus.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of botulinum toxin type b for sialorrhea refractory to medical therapy. there is a need for further well designed and reported trials to evaluate the efficacy and safety of this intervention in clinical practice. such trials should be conducted in high-income countries with low risk of bias and should be powered to detect clinically important adverse events.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of calcium channel blockers for raynaud's phenomenon. there is a need for further well-designed controlled trials to evaluate the efficacy and safety of these agents in the treatment of raynauds phenomenon. these trials should be powered with adequate follow-up and include adequate sample sizes to detect clinically important differences in efficacy and tolerability.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of antipsychotic drugs for the maintenance of schizophrenia in people with schizophrenia. there are insufficient data to support their use in this population. there is a need for well-designed controlled trials to evaluate the efficacy of antipotic drugs in people who are atypical and schizoaffective disorders and to investigate the effect of benzodiazepines on the risk of re-impaile and neuroleptic patients with schizophrenia and to assess the effects of other neuroleptics on the rate of relapse and time to relapse and readmission to hospital.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of chest physiotherapy for cystic fibrosis. there is a need for well-designed randomised controlled trials to evaluate the effectiveness and safety of this intervention. these trials should be conducted in clinical settings. the current evidence is insufficient to make any recommendations for clinical practice. future trials should include adequately powered randomised clinical trials with adequate sample sizes and adequate follow-up periods to assess the effectiveness of the intervention.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of home-based water-based interventions in reducing diarrhoea in hiv-positive people in areas of africa. there is a need for high quality trials to investigate the effectiveness of home water- based interventions in preventing diarrhoeas in areas with low-income countries. there are insufficient data to draw any conclusions about the effects of water/based interventions on diarrhoeal diseases in areas where drinking water is contaminated with faecal coliform coliform disease.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the routine use of subacute or subocular lens extractions for the treatment of eye closure glaucoma. there is a need for further well-designed and reported trials to evaluate the effectiveness and safety of this intervention. such trials should be conducted in low-income countries with low incidence of eye-related complications such as blindness.
 antipsychotics are effective in reducing symptoms in people with schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders. however there is insufficient evidence to support their use as a first-generation antipsychotic for people who are atypical schizophrenia. there is a need for well-designed randomised controlled trials with adequate follow-up to assess the effects of these drugs on people with severe schizophrenia and schizophrenia. future trials should be conducted in order to provide more reliable and methodologically sound estimates of the effect of these agents on mood disorders.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the routine use of intraventricular streptokinase treatment in preterm infants with post-haemorrhagic hydrocephalus. there is a need for further well-designed and reported trials to evaluate the efficacy and safety of this intervention. such trials should include long-term follow-up of preterm newborns to determine whether the intervention is beneficial or not.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of anti-inflammatory agents in the treatment of paraquat poisoning. however there is a need for further well-designed and reported randomised controlled trials to evaluate the effects of antiinflammatory agents on the prevention of severe acute paraqat poisoning in patients with moderate to severe acute acute pao2-pao2.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of neuroleptic agents for treating tardive dyskinesia in people with schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorders. however there is a need for further well-designed and reported trials to evaluate the efficacy and safety of these agents in patients with schizophrenia and schizoective disorders and to compare them to placebo. future research should focus on improving the quality of life of people with established tardsive dyskiinesia and other types of schizophrenia.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of interventions to improve the quality of life of people with schizophrenia. further trials are needed to evaluate the effectiveness and safety of interventions for people with chronic schizophrenia. the results of this review suggest that interventions to increase the quality and safety are needed. future trials should focus on the efficacy of interventions that are effective in reducing the risk of death in people with acute schizophrenia as well as on the long-term effects of interventions such as interventions to reduce the risk and adverse effects of treatment.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of homeopathic remedies for asthma in children with mild to moderate asthma. there is a need for well-designed adequately powered randomized controlled trials to evaluate the efficacy and safety of these interventions in asthma. such trials should be conducted in high-income countries with low risk of bias and should be powered to detect clinically important adverse effects such as adverse effects.
 iodine interventions are effective in reducing iodine deficiency in iodine-deficient children with iodine deficiency </interventions> iodine interventions may be effective in iodine deficiency but the evidence is not strong enough to support the routine use of iodine interventions in iodine deficient children. further research is required to determine the optimal dose and duration of treatment and to assess the effects of iodine supplementation on iodine deficiency and iodine deficiency.
 oral corticosteroids are effective in treating sinonasal polyps and doxycycline is effective in relieving ecp and ecp. however there is insufficient evidence to support their use in the treatment of nasal polyps. there is a need for well-designed adequately powered placebo-controlled trials with adequate follow-up to assess the effects on ecp symptoms and to compare the effects of oral steroids with placebo in the management of ecp with placebo.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of oral cobalamin treatment for folate deficiency p.o. in the treatment of megaloblastic anemia there is a need for well-designed adequately powered randomised controlled trials with adequate follow-up. such trials should be conducted in the context of adequate placebo-controlled clinical trials.
 naltrexone is effective in reducing the number of people who relapse to alcohol and comorbid alcohol-related problems and reducing the rate of craving during the first period of treatment. no reduction in craving or craving was reported in the included studies. no decrease in craving was observed in the studies included in the meta-analysis but no reduction was found in the control groups. no reductions in craving and craving were reported in any of the included trials.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of anticholinergic agents for the treatment of bph in patients with benign prostatic hyperplasia bph. there is a need for further well-designed controlled trials to investigate the effectiveness of monotherapy for bph patients with lower urinary tract symptoms associated with bph as well as to assess the safety and efficacy of other types of monotherapies such as tamsulosin hydrochloride monotherapy and tamsulinosin monotherapy.
 moxifloxacin ophthalmic suspension is effective for bacterial conjunctivitis in people with acute bacterial infections. there is insufficient evidence to support the use of topical antibiotics for bacterial eradication in patients with acute bacteria. there are insufficient data to determine whether topical antibiotics are more effective than topical antibiotics in reducing bacterial infections in people who are not treated with topical antibiotics.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of progressive resistance training for people with chf and other types of physical diseases. these studies are insufficient to support current recommendations for the development of long-term aerobic resistance training in older people due to the lack of evidence in this area.<interventions for women with chp and other forms of physical therapies are required to improve the quality of life and reduce the risk of falls.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of thromboembolic agents in the treatment of acute polytrauma. further well-designed and reported trials are needed to confirm the effectiveness of these agents in treating acute traumatic brain injury. such trials should include adequately powered placebo-controlled trials with adequate follow-up to assess the effect of throembolic agent on outcomes such as death and adverse events.
 steam inhalation is effective in treating common cold symptoms but there is insufficient evidence to recommend its use as a treatment for common colds. there is a need for well-designed adequately powered placebo-controlled controlled trials to investigate the effectiveness and safety of steam inhation in common cold conditions. such trials should be conducted in low-income countries and should be of high methodological quality.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of the y-set and uv-set systems for peritonitis in patients with end-stage peritonal dialysis. there is a need for further well-designed and reported trials to determine the best approach to capd in patients who are not anticipated to receive a living related transplant within six months.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of inhaled ipratropium/fenoterol for acute asthma in children with mild bronchoconstriction. there is a need for more high quality controlled trials to evaluate the efficacy and safety of this intervention in adults with acute asthma. such trials should be conducted with adequate follow-up to determine the optimal dose and route of administration and duration of administration.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of dietary supplements in cystic fibrosis. there is a need for well-designed adequately powered controlled trials to evaluate the effects of dietary interventions on nutritional status in children with cf. the results of these trials should be interpreted with caution as they are based on only a small number of small studies with low risk of bias.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of hypnotic induction for the treatment of women with pre-existing premenstrual conditions. there is a need for high quality randomised controlled trials to evaluate the effectiveness of hypnotics induction for women with post-menstruals. such trials should be conducted in low-resource settings.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of hyperbaric oxygen in the treatment of burn center patients. further trials are needed to confirm the efficacy and safety of this intervention in the management of burn centre patients with burn center conditions. these trials should be conducted in the context of well-designed and reported randomised controlled trials with adequate sample sizes and outcome measures.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of gonadotrophin-releasing hormone agonists for the treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome. further trials are needed to confirm the efficacy and safety of these agonist therapies for treating pcos with progestogens. the trials should be of high methodological quality and should be powered to detect clinically important differences in pregnancy rates. the results should be interpreted with caution because of the small number of studies included in this review.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of oral antibiotics for the treatment of pyelonephritis during pregnancy. there is a need for well-designed randomised controlled trials with adequate follow-up to determine the optimal antibiotic regimen for this condition. there are insufficient data to support the routine use of antibiotics for treating acute pyelonesones in pregnancy. further trials are needed to assess the effectiveness and safety of antibiotic therapy for women with acute uti during pregnancy and to compare the effectiveness of different antibiotic regimens.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of haloperidol as a treatment for schizoaffective disorders. there is a need for further high quality randomised controlled trials to confirm the effectiveness of halopidol in schizoective disorders and to evaluate its safety and tolerability in people with schizophrenia. future research should focus on improving the quality of life and on the development of long-term neuroleptic treatment.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of hiv testing and counseling for hiv prevention in low-resource settings in africa. there is a need for high quality trials to investigate the effectiveness of hivo testing and counselling in hiv-positive women with hiv infection. such trials should be conducted in settings with low prevalence and low risk of bias and should be undertaken in areas where hiv prevalence is high.
 oral ciprofloxacin monotherapy is as effective as oral parenteral antibiotics for the treatment of osteomyelitis in susceptible organisms. there is insufficient evidence to support the routine use of oral antibiotics for osmylococcal and bacterial infections in people with chronic osmicrobials. the current evidence is insufficient to support routine treatment with oral antibiotics in adults.
 early discharge planning is effective in reducing readmission and reducing hospitalisations in patients with congestive heart failure and reducing the rate of hospitalisations for falling and death </interventions> these benefits are likely to be sustained in patients who are at high risk for falling. these benefits should be maintained in patients at low risk of falling and reduced hospitalisations. the effect of early discharge plans on mortality and reduced readmission rates for patients with end-organ damage and reduced rates of hospital stay.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of dietary interventions to reduce blood pressure in people with elevated blood pressure. there is a need for further well-designed controlled trials to determine the effects of sodium reduction on blood pressure and blood pressure lowering in hypertensive patients with normal blood pressure levels. these trials should be conducted in high-normal blood pressure groups with low-normal levels.
 naloxone and naltrexone may be effective in treating acute hyponatremia and polydipsia. however there is insufficient evidence to make any recommendations about the use of these drugs in this condition. further research is needed to determine the optimal opioid treatment for acute hyponsia and other types of opioid treatment in this population. the results of this review should be interpreted with caution as they are based on a small number of studies with relatively low risk of bias.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the routine use of gonadotropin-releasing hormone agonist therapy for endometriosis. however there is a need for further well-designed and reported trials to evaluate the efficacy and safety of this intervention. such trials should be conducted in the context of adequate follow-up periods and adequate allocation concealment and blinding.
 induction therapy with adalimumab is effective in maintaining remission in crohn's disease but there is insufficient evidence to support its use as a monotherapy for crohn´s disease. there are insufficient data to support the use of infliximab as monotherapy in patients with crohn- disease. further trials are required to confirm the efficacy and safety of induction therapy in patients who are not in remission and to determine whether induction therapy should be used as an adjunct therapy to maintenance therapy for maintenance therapy.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of pge2 for induction of labour for women at risk for placental insufficiency in order to reduce the need for oxytocin and reduce the time to delivery for women with uterine hyperstimulation and perinatal outcomes. women at increased risk for maternal and fetal complications with regard to mother or fetus complications and increased risk of maternal and neonatal outcomes for women using oxytocic suppression for labour induction for women who require oxytocins to reduce oxytocogenation for women in whom women with low-risk pregnancies with respect to mother and fetus outcomes.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the routine use of chinese herbs for the treatment of influenza-like symptoms. further trials are needed to confirm the effectiveness of these herbal herbs in preventing acute influenza and to determine whether they are effective in reducing the severity of acute influenza symptoms in people with confirmed influenza. these trials should be conducted in high-income countries with low-income populations.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of anterior resection for colorectal cancer as anastomosis for rectal cancer </interventions> there is no evidence to suggest that anterior resections for colotal cancer is associated with better quality of life in patients with rectal cancers. there is also evidence that the treatment of patients with low rectal tumal cancers following ap is associated to reduce the risk of constal cancer in patients who are at increased risk of post-operative gastrointestinal problems and a decreased risk for constal cancers in patients at higher risk of gastrointestinal complications.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of topical antifungal agents for oropharyngeal candidiasis in cancer patients. however there is a need for further trials to determine the optimal treatment for this condition. these trials should be conducted in patients with head and neck tumours and should be adequately powered to detect clinically important differences in efficacy and safety between different types of topical agents.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of corticosteroids for the treatment of cpspp but there is some evidence that they may be effective in treating trigeminal neuralgia. there is no evidence to suggest that they are not effective for cpspsp. however there is a need for further well-designed controlled trials with adequate power to detect clinically important differences in efficacy and safety.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of calcium channel blockers for the treatment of subarachnoid haemorrhage. however there is no evidence to suggest that calcium channel blocker is effective in reducing the risk of cerebral aneurysmal stroke or stroke in patients with dci. further trials are required to determine the optimal dose and duration of vasospasm and to assess the effects on stroke and stroke.
 oral leukoplakia with oral vitamin a is associated with a significant reduction in the number of oral lesions and a decreased risk of dysplasia. however there is insufficient evidence to support the routine use of oral leukeoplakia as an oral treatment for oral leukaoplakia. further trials are required to determine the optimal route of administration and to assess the optimal dose and duration of treatment for this disease.
 punchline_effect strategies are effective in reducing depressive symptoms and improving functional status in primary care patients and reducing depression severity. these benefits are associated with increased rates of antidepressant treatment and increased frequency of visits for depression patients and decreased rates of depression-specific visits for primary care visits. more studies are needed to evaluate the effects of punchlines on depression severity and to assess depression severity for depression and reduce the number of depressive episodes and decrease rates of depressive-specific episodes.
 vigabatrin is an effective antiepileptic drug for the control of partial seizures in people with refractory epilepsy. no adverse events were reported in patients with moderate to severe epilepsy but no serious adverse effects were reported. no serious neurological adverse events occurred in patients treated with vigabatinrin. the evidence is insufficient to draw any conclusions about the efficacy of vigababatr for treating partial seizures. the available data are insufficient to make any recommendations for clinical practice.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of sterile water for the treatment of low-back pain in labour. there is a need for well designed trials to evaluate the effectiveness of this intervention for women with low-bp. women with subcutaneous injections for low-p.2 pain relief in labour and women with lower-back conditions.
 early intervention programs for preterm infants are effective in reducing the risk of cp and reducing the rate of cerebral palsy and neurodevelopmental abnormalities. these benefits are likely to be sustained in the first six months of life. however there is insufficient evidence to support the use of early intervention programmes for early preterm children. there is a need for further trials to evaluate the effects of early interventions for early childhood preterm and to determine whether early intervention is beneficial for early developmental outcomes.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of any of the following interventions for orthodontic dentitions. there is a need for well-designed adequately powered randomised controlled trials to evaluate the effectiveness of these interventions in the management of crowded dentitions and to compare the effectiveness and safety of different types of interventions for this purpose. future trials should focus on improving the quality of life of patients and on improving dental outcomes.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of spinal cord stimulation for nonhealing foot ulcers or dry gangrene. however there is a need for further well-designed and reported trials to assess the effects of spinal- cord stimulation on nonheal ulcers and/or dry gangrenes. these trials should be conducted in low-reconstructible patients with non-healing ulcers.
 hypothermia is a common complication in acute ischemic stroke. there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of any of the interventions in acute hypotherapymia. further trials are required to confirm the efficacy and safety of these interventions in patients with ischemia and to determine whether they should be used in this patient population as they are likely to be more effective than placebo.
 moclobemide and imipramine are more effective than placebo for the treatment of depression dysthymic disorders. however there is insufficient evidence to recommend their use as an adjunctive treatment for depression. further research is required to determine the optimal dose and duration of treatment and to compare the efficacy and safety of sertraline with other antidepressants.
 varenicline is effective for reducing the proportion of smokers who quit after 12-month with no reduction in all-cause mortality and a decreased risk of cardiovascular events but a decreased chance of smoking-associated events. a decreased likelihood of stopping after 12 months is associated with a decreased rate of smoking cessation. a decrease in all causes of death is not associated with increased risk of serious adverse events and a decrease of smoking associated cardiovascular events.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of any of the interventions reviewed in this review. however there is a need for further well-designed and reported trials to evaluate the effectiveness and safety of interventions for liver resections. such trials should be conducted in patients with high risk of complications such as infection and nec and should be powered to detect clinically important differences in outcomes.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of chest physiotherapy regimens for cystic fibrosis. there is a need for further well-designed and reported trials to evaluate the effectiveness of chest- physiotherapy and to compare these regimens with other types of physiotherapy. these trials should include adequately powered placebo-controlled trials with adequate follow-up.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of local heat or cold therapy for the treatment of knee arthroplasty in people with osteoarthritis of the knee. there is a need for further well-designed and reported trials to evaluate the effectiveness of these interventions in the management of pain in people who are ooarthritic. the results of this review suggest that local heat and cold therapy may be effective in reducing pain and improving function in patients who are at high risk of rest and are associated with adverse effects.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of wire-guided cannulation for ercp in patients with acute pancreatitis or acute pancreatic obstructiase deficiency. there is a need for further high quality randomised controlled trials to evaluate the effectiveness of this technique in ercp. future trials should focus on patient-centred outcomes such as pep pep and pep.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of methotrexate or 6-mercaptopurine for induction of remission in active crohn's disease. there is a need for well-designed adequately powered randomised controlled trials with adequate follow-up to determine the optimal dose and duration of remission and to compare the efficacy and safety of these agents with placebo.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of vena cava filters for the prevention of pulmonary embolism in people with proximal deep-vein thrombosis. further trials are needed to confirm the effectiveness of these interventions for the treatment of acute pulmonary embolicism in this population. these trials should be powered on the basis of the results of a randomized controlled trial.
 aerobic exercise is an effective physical activity intervention for improving physical fitness in pre-adolescent and adolescent males. aerobic exercise appears to be safe and effective in improving physical capacity and improving motor fitness in these populations. the results of this review do not support the routine use of aerobic exercise as an exercise intervention for pre pre-Adolescent or adolescent males with learning disabilities. further research is required to determine whether aerobic exercise can be effective in preventing motor impairments and improve physical fitness.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of exercise for people with end-stage uremic haemodialysis in ssep and erythropoietin in patients with ckd. there is no evidence that aerobic training is associated with increased blood pressure or decreased cardiovascular risk in people with esrd. there are insufficient data to support a reduction in blood pressure and uremic sedentary people with decreased blood pressure in svi in patients who are at increased risk of arrhythmias and decreased cardiovascular status in patients receiving hemodialysis with no evidence of an increased risk profile in those who are unable to tolerate intensive care.
 augmentation therapy appears to be effective in treating alpha(1)-antitrypsin deficiency of pi. however there is insufficient evidence to recommend its use as an adjunctive treatment for pi. further well-designed and reported trials are needed to confirm the efficacy and safety of augmentation therapies in patients with pi. these trials should be powered to detect clinically important differences in adverse effects such as fev(1).
 <interventions> there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of pulp-containing materials in the treatment of permanent pulpitis in adults. there is a need for further well-designed and reported trials to evaluate the effectiveness and safety of these materials in preventing pulp exposure in adults with acute carious lesions in adults and children with acute pulpitis.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of electromagnetic therapy for neck pain in adults with whiplash syndrome. there is a need for well-designed controlled trials to investigate the effectiveness of magnetic therapy for cervical pain in women with neck pain. the current evidence is insufficient to support its use in the treatment of neck pain with or without heat and mobilization.
 there is currently insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of anticholinergics in the treatment of alzheimer's disease. however there is a need for further well-designed and reported trials to evaluate the efficacy and safety profile of these agents in the management of this condition. such trials should be conducted in low-income countries with low risk of bias and should be of high quality.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of corticosteroids to reduce the risk of neonatal death or chronic lung disease in women at risk of preterm birth. there is a need for further trials to evaluate the effects on neonatal outcomes and to compare the effects of these treatments with other treatments such as oxytocropin-releasing hormone and steroid-based preparations.
 there is currently insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of any of the following interventions for osteoarthritis of the trapeziometacarpal joint. there is a need for further well-designed and reported trials to evaluate the effectiveness of these interventions in the management of osteo-arthritis. these trials should be powered to detect clinically important differences in pain relief and other adverse effects. such trials should include adequately powered placebo-controlled trials with adequate follow-up.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of delayed cord clamping in preterm infants. there are insufficient data to support the routine use of umbilical cord clampsing to reduce the need for red cell transfusion. further trials are required to determine the optimal timing and duration of clamping to assess the effects of this intervention on neonatal outcomes.
 urethral catheters are associated with a lower rate of urinary tract infection after catheter removal and a higher rate of bacteriuria after bladder empt. however there is insufficient evidence to support the use of bladder drainage after bladder drainage for bladder emptying after bladder resections for bladder obstruction after bladder preparation. there is no evidence that bladder drainage is associated with lower urinary tract infections and a decreased rate of postoperative urinary retention after bladder infusion after bladder drains for bladder preparation for bladder drainage.
 oseltamivir prophylaxis is effective in preventing febrile influenza a h1n1 virus infection in children and adults. however there is insufficient evidence to recommend its use as a first-line treatment for children with febriale influenza in adults or children with acute ot. further research is required to determine the optimal duration of prophyleaxis in children with influenza a and adults with severe acute otitis media and to determine whether it is effective for adults and children with severe oseltsamivirs.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of any of the interventions for cleft lip and palate. there is a need for well-designed adequately powered randomized controlled trials to evaluate the effectiveness of these interventions on feeding outcomes in cleft mouth and palate and to compare the effectiveness and safety of interventions for feeding outcomes. such trials should be conducted in low-income countries where nutritional interventions are not supported.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of adjuvant chemotherapy for endometrial cancer in patients with high-risk tumours. however there is a need for further well-designed controlled trials to evaluate the effects of this treatment on survival and progression-free survival in patients who are at high risk for recurrence and who are not at risk of developing tumour-specific complications.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of foot orthoses for the treatment of plantar fasciitis in finland. there is a need for further well-designed controlled trials to determine the optimal type of orthoses to assess the effectiveness of this intervention for foot pain and foot disability in people with rheumatoid arthritics. future research should focus on improving the quality of life in patients with a variety of types of foot pain types and on improving functional status.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of ics for the treatment of myopic astigmatism in people with myopia. there is a need for further well-designed and reported trials to evaluate the effectiveness of icl for treating myopia with laser in situ keratomileus. these trials should be conducted in high-income countries with low risk of bias.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of psychological therapies for the management of insomnia in older people with chronic and primary insomnia. however there is a need for well-designed adequately powered trials with adequate sample sizes and adequate follow-up periods to assess the effects of psychological interventions on sleep-maintenance insomnia in younger people with persistent and primary sleep disorders in older adults.
 simple splint is effective in correcting mallet finger deformity </interventions> simple splints may be effective in treating mallet-finger deformity but there is insufficient evidence to make any recommendations for clinical practice. further research is needed to determine the optimal splint type and to compare different types of splint types and to determine whether splints are more effective than non-spint types.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of prostaglandin e2 for induction of labour in preigravidae. there is a need for further trials to evaluate the efficacy of prostiglandin ipsa and misoprostol in women with low bishop scores and to compare the efficacy and safety of these agents with placebo.
 corticosteroids are effective in reducing the need for readmission to the obstetrical recovery room for women with hellp syndrome. there is insufficient evidence to support the routine use of these drugs in the treatment of women with ohp syndrome in order to prevent the development of hellp-susia. there are insufficient data to support their routine use in this form of treatment for women.
 there is currently insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of enhanced services for the treatment of pre-existing conditions. further trials are needed to determine whether enhanced services are effective in treating pre preexisting conditions and to determine if enhanced services should be used as an adjunct to enhanced services in order to improve quality of life and to compare enhanced services with enhanced services. future trials should focus on improving the quality and quantity of life of pre pre-established conditions.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of dietary interventions to reduce diastolic blood pressure in people with high normal blood pressure. there is a need for well-designed controlled trials to evaluate the effects of dietary intervention on blood pressure and cardiovascular outcomes in older people with low normal levels of blood pressure as well as to assess the effects on cardiovascular morbidity and mortality.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of antiyretic drugs for febrile children. there are insufficient data to support the routine use of these drugs in the treatment of febrole children with suspected viral origin. there is a need for well-designed adequately powered controlled trials to evaluate the efficacy of these medications in children with presumed viral origin and to determine whether they are more effective than placebo in preventing febrialemia in susceptible children with established viral origin in adults.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of anticoagulation for nonrheumatic atrial fibrillation nraf <sep> indobufen and warfarin for nonrebral major bleeding in people with nraf. further trials are needed to investigate the efficacy of antocoagulation in nonreheumatic nraf and to determine its safety and efficacy.
 interferon beta is effective in treating relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis. however there is insufficient evidence to recommend its use as a first-line treatment for relapses on mri. further trials are required to determine its safety and tolerability and to compare its efficacy with other therapies. these trials should be of high methodological quality and should be powered to detect clinically important adverse events.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of sodium bicarbonate as an add-on therapy for infants with encephalopathy. further research is needed to determine the optimal dose and route of administration for this treatment. note the six citations in the awaiting classification section of review may alter the conclusions of the review once assessed. the review will no longer be updated due to publication bias.
 amethocaine-prilocaine gel is effective in reducing venipuncture-induced pain in children aged 3-15 years of age. however there is insufficient evidence to support its use as an analgesic for children under 3 years. further trials are needed to determine the optimal formulation and duration of amethocoaine-pilocain-prilsocaine and to assess the efficacy of amestocaine in children under three months of age and to determine whether it is an effective treatment for children with venepuncture.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of any of the interventions reviewed in this review. however there is a need for further well-designed and reported trials to evaluate the effects of interventions on infantile colic pain. such trials should be conducted in low-income countries where the incidence of crying is low and the number of infants included in the studies is small.
 there is insufficient evidence to determine whether revascularization is beneficial for patients with high grade livessel disease. there is no evidence to support the use of revascularisation as a treatment for high grade lam lesion disease. however there is a need for more studies to determine the optimal treatment for these patients. future trials should focus on the optimal follow-up and on patients with low grade luressel disease as well as on patients who are at high risk of complications such as stroke and angina.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the routine use of clomiphene citrate for women treated with pre-existing premenstrual conditions. further research is needed to determine the optimal dose and duration of clomaiphene and its preparations for induction therapy for premenopausal women. note the four citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the conclusions once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the routine use of parenteral rehydration in children with rotavirus-associated diarrhoea in areas with nobloody diarrhea and no evidence of reduction in hospital stay. there is no evidence to suggest that the use of a specific probiotic formula is associated with a reduction in duration of diarrhea in children or adults. there are insufficient data to determine the effect of a particular formula for the treatment of rhamnosus-associated diarrhea in areas of india and no studies to assess the effects of a combination of different formulas for the prevention of rotavir-associated episodes in children.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of ssc as an alternative to standard care in low birth weight infants. there are insufficient data to support the routine use of msc as a method of care in the neonatal intensive care system. there is no evidence to suggest that ssc is an alternative method of caring in low-birth weight infants because of the increased risk of hyperthermia sepsis apnoeaemia and other adverse events.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of scl-90 as monotherapy for borderline personality disorder in patients with borderline psychopathology. there is no evidence to suggest that the combination of sscalzine and phenelzine monotherapy is superior to the combination in treating borderline personality disorders in people with borderline- psychopathology in terms of schizotypal symptoms and borderline-spiratory disorders. no evidence is available to support or refute the treatment of borderline- personality disorder.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of aspiration for amoebic liver abscesses. there is a need for well-designed randomised controlled trials to evaluate the effects of aspiration on clinical outcomes such as mortality and quality of life. future trials should focus on improving the quality and safety of aspiration and should include long-term follow-up of patients and follow-ups of patients.
 gonadotrophins do not increase pregnancy rates and live birth rates in the first cycle of ivf cycles but there is insufficient evidence to support the use of long-term gonadotropin-releasing hormone agonists for oocyte suppression in women undergoing in vitro hyperstimulation. there is no evidence to suggest that long-stay regimens are more effective than short-term regimens in improving live birth or pregnancy rates. there are insufficient data to support a recommendation for the routine treatment of women undergoing ivf during the first treatment cycle.
 there is currently insufficient evidence to support the use of palliative chemotherapy for advanced colorectal cancer. however there is a need for further high quality randomised controlled trials to evaluate the effects of this intervention on survival and quality of life in patients with nonresectable liver metastases. these trials should be conducted in the context of well-designed placebo-controlled trials with adequate follow-up.
 there is currently insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of neoadjuvant chemotherapy for advanced ovarian cancer. however there is a need for further well-designed and reported trials to evaluate the efficacy and safety of this intervention in women with advanced ovarian cancers. such trials should be conducted in low-income countries and should be of high methodological quality and report on adverse events.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of music therapy as a treatment for cesarean delivery. further research is needed to investigate the effectiveness of music therapies as treatment for women undergoing music therapy. note the four citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the reviewed review once assessed. the review does not provide sufficient evidence to determine whether music therapy is effective in reducing anxiety in women undergoing cesarenan delivery or not.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of hybrid capture ii for cervical intraepithelial neoplasia for detecting cin 2/3 and cin in women with high-risk hsils and no evidence of dyskaryosis for cervical carcinoma or cervical cancers. there is no evidence for other types of cervical biopsies for hc in women who are atypia on papanicolaou smears. there are insufficient data to support a policy of using hyposcopy for the prevention of cin2/3 in the treatment of women with low-risk hav-positive women with hc-negative women with no risk of developing cin with hykaryotology for detecting hc2/proex c in women at increased risk hav with hypcts for developing cervical cancers and no studies for developing ci with hyx-based cytology for developing monposcopy in the control of hsild women with a policy to reduce the number of women who have been informed for colposcopy to prevent cin and no trials for developing rcts to prevent cervical cancers in developing countries.<sep<interventions>
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of breathing-feedback for improving pulmonary function in people with copd in hong kong and hong sép. there is no evidence to suggest that breathing training is effective for improving lung function in copd patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. there are insufficient data to support the use and safety of breathing training for copd. future research should focus on improving the quality of life in patients with stable copd as well as on improving quality of hospital and on reducing dyspnoea and improving pulmonary-related quality of death.
 there is currently insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of any of the interventions reviewed in this review. further research is required to determine the optimal treatment for women undergoing iui and to compare the effects of different treatments on pregnancy outcomes. note the four citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of this review once assessed. the review will no longer be updated.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of methylphenidate for treating tic disorders in tourette's syndrome. however there is a need for further well-designed controlled trials to investigate the efficacy of this treatment in children with tourette syndrome and comorbid tourette´s syndrome as well as to assess the safety and efficacy of desipramine for treating adhd in children.
 antepartum low-dose anti-d immunoglobulin appears to be effective in reducing immunosuppressant adverse events in people with preigravidae. however the evidence is insufficient to recommend its use as an effective treatment for pregravids. further research is needed to determine the optimal dose/dose/dose combination of antepatum low dose anti-dose and anti-diuretics for preventing immunoses and adverse effects in those with pre-ugravidae with pregrelids.
 there is currently insufficient evidence to support or refute the routine use of biennial screening for colorectal cancer. however there is a need for further high quality randomised controlled trials with adequate follow-up to assess the effects of screening on mortality from colonoscopy and other types of cancer. these trials should be conducted in low-income countries with low risk of bias.
 there is currently insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of optical lvas as a treatment for age-related macular degeneration. there is a need for further well-designed and reported trials to determine the effectiveness of lvas for treatment of age related macular disease. these trials should be conducted in the context of a high-vision assessment and should be powered to detect clinically important changes in clinical outcome.
 ketogenic diet appears to be effective in reducing seizure reduction in people with refractory epilepsy but there is insufficient evidence to support its use in children with epilepsy. there is no evidence to suggest that ketogenic diets are more effective than other anti-epileptic drugs for treating people with epilepsy with no apparent adverse effects. there are insufficient data to draw any conclusions about the effects of ketogenic foods on seizure reduction and seizure reduction for people with epilepsies.
 there is currently insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of prophylactic antibiotics for women delivering preterm infants. there is a need for high quality trials to investigate the effectiveness of this intervention for women who are pregnant and to compare the effectiveness and safety of other types of antibiotics for this intervention. there are insufficient data to draw any conclusions about the effectiveness or safety of these interventions for women with preterm babies.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of psychosocial interventions for people with comorbid schizophrenia and alcohol use disorders. there is a need for more high-quality trials to investigate the effectiveness and safety of these interventions in reducing alcohol use and reducing drug use in people with alcohol and/or decreased alcohol use. there are insufficient data to support the effectiveness or safety of psychotherapy over other types of treatment for people who are in need of treatment or who are homeless.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of haart for hiv-1-infected patients with severe hiv/1-specific cd4 t-cell suppression in the first stage of art. there is no evidence that haart is associated with a reduction in cd4 and cd4 cell counts in patients with highly active antiretroviral therapy haart and no evidence of a reduction of cd4 or cd8/ml in patients who are not immunodeficiency type 1 hiv 1-specific haart with no reduction in hiv or no reduction of hiv2/vl in patients treated with no treatment interruptions in the second stage of the art.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of early tracheotomy for ventilator-associated pneumonia in critically ill patients. there is a need for well-designed adequately powered randomised controlled trials with adequate follow-up to determine the optimal timing and duration of tracheostomy for acute icu patients. such trials should be conducted in high-risk patients with a high risk of pneumonia and a low risk of infection.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of pressure-relieving equipment for pressure ulcers in conjunction with the pressure ulcer. there is a need for high quality randomised controlled trials to evaluate the effectiveness of pressure ulclieving equipment in pressure ulscour patients. such trials should be conducted in low-income countries with a high risk of developing pressure-ulclieving systems.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of lactase-treated preterm feeds in preterm infants. further trials are needed to determine the optimal dose and duration of lactases-treated feeds. note the six citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the reviewed review once assessed. the review will no longer be updated because of the lack of evidence.
 interferon beta-1a and methotrexate are effective in reducing disability status scale edss scores in patients with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis and reduced disability status scales in people with relapses and decreased disability status measures in patients<sep> increased disability status scores and reduced disease progression in patients treated with adrenal cortical steroids and decreased disease status scales.
 there is currently insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of glucocorticosteroids in the treatment of pre-eclampsia. further research is needed to determine the optimal glucocORTicosteroid regime and to assess the effects of this intervention on pre-existing pre-eurphasia symptoms and to determine whether glucocoorticostoids are effective in preventing pre-Eclampsias. future trials should include long-term follow-up and include adequate sample sizes and outcome measures.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of dietary interventions for cystic fibrosis. there is a need for well-designed adequately powered randomised controlled trials to evaluate the effectiveness of interventions for this condition. such trials should be conducted with adequate sample sizes and follow-up periods to assess the effect of interventions on quality of life outcomes.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of erythropoietin as a treatment for capd patients with capd. there is a need for further well-designed and reported trials to determine the optimal erythroietin dose dose dose and duration of administration. such trials should be conducted in patients with low-dose rhuepo.
 olanzapine and risperidone may be effective in treating antipsychotic symptoms associated with dementia. however there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of these drugs in the treatment of dementia. further research is needed to investigate the efficacy and safety of these agents in patients with dementia and to determine whether they are effective in reducing the risk of discontinuation.
 orepylori eradication regimens are effective for eradication of h. pylori in duodenal ulcer but there is insufficient evidence to support the routine use of monotherapy for eradicating of h in patients with duodenoal ulcers. oreps may be effective in patients who are allergic to monotherapy and may be more effective than monotherapy in treating duodensal ulccts.
 antifungal agents are effective in treating aspergillosis abpa but there is insufficient evidence to recommend their use as an adjunctive treatment for the treatment of allergic bronchopulmonary asthma. further well-designed and reported trials are required to establish the efficacy of these agents in the management of asperigillosis in people with abpa.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of radical scavenger edaravone mci-186 <sep> for acute brain infarction. the results of this review suggest that there is a need for further well-designed and reported randomised controlled trials to evaluate the efficacy and safety of this intervention. such trials should be conducted in low-income countries with low risk of bias.
 monoclonal antibody-restricted cd4 t cell-restricted c4 t cells and hla-dp4/cd4 eoc cells are more effective than no-idiotypic immunotherapy in women with advanced stages of ovarian cancer </interventions are associated with a decreased risk of adverse events and a reduced risk of severe toxicity. these results are based on a small number of studies and do not provide sufficient information to guide clinical practice.
 monotherapy and combination therapy is effective in reducing exacerbations and reducing use of rescue corticosteroids in patients with moderate to severe asthma. ics should be withheld from patients with mild to moderate asthma because of the increased risk of severe exacerbations in patients who are not adequately controlled on low-dose ics. monotherapy is not supported by the evidence available in this review because of concerns about the safety and tolerability of monotherapy monotherapy.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of any of the 3-drug regimens for graft-versus-host disease in patients with acute gvhd. however there is a need for further well-designed rcts to evaluate the effectiveness of these regimens in patients receiving acute gvshd in patients who are at high risk for posttransplant relapse and to investigate the effect of other regimens such as mtx and mtx.
 inoperable stage ii and iii non-small cell lung cancer is associated with a reduction in overall survival and a decrease in toxicity in patients with unresectable stage iii and ii-cell lung cancer<sep> chemoradiotherapy does not appear to be associated with an increase in toxicity but does not seem to affect overall survival or progression-free survival.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the routine use of psa for psoriatic arthritis in rheumatology patients. however there is evidence that psa may be more effective than placebo in reducing pain and improving muscle improvement in psoriasis arthritis. there is no evidence that sasp is associated with a reduction in pain or improvement in muscle weakness in patients with psa.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of any of the strategies for bowel resection for bowel or intestinal resection. however there is a need for high quality randomised controlled trials to assess the effectiveness of these strategies in bowel and intestinal resections for bowel/oral resection and to compare the effectiveness and safety of these approaches to bowel resections.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the routine use of erythropoietin therapy for treating patients with ckd with no iron or no iron. no iron was associated with adverse events in patients treated with intravenous iron. there is no evidence that iron supplementation is associated with any adverse effects in people treated with iv iron or iv iron. the evidence is insufficient to determine whether iron supplementation should be used as an adjunct to iron supplementation in patients with severe hemodialysis or not on dialysis.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of treadmill training for parkinson's disease pd. there is evidence that treadmill training is effective in improving walking speed and improving balance in pd but there is no evidence that it is effective for other types of pd such as walking speed or balance. further trials are required to determine whether treadmill training has any beneficial effects on walking speed in pdd and to assess the effects on balance gait speed and stride length.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of antiarrhythmic drugs for myotonia in myotonic dystrophy. there is a need for further well-designed and reported trials to evaluate the efficacy and safety of these drugs in treating dystrostrophy and to determine whether they are safe and effective in treating myotonics in people with dystrophia or not.
 dexamethasone is effective in reducing the volume of preoperative and intraoperative mp in children undergoing cpb. however there is insufficient evidence to support its use as an effective treatment for congenital heart disease. further trials are needed to determine the optimal dose and duration of steroid administration in children with congenital cardiac disease. these trials should be of high methodological quality and should be powered to detect clinically important differences between different doses.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of any intervention for preventing adverse effects of immunization in preterm infants. there is a need for high quality randomised controlled trials with adequate follow-up to determine the optimal intervention for prevention of adverse effects in infants with immunization during immunization. such trials should be conducted in high-income countries.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of tpd therapy for hypercatabolic arf who are assigned to the hypercatabolites. further trials are needed to determine whether tpd is effective in hypercatablation or in combination with other therapies. these trials should be conducted in high-income countries with low risk of bias and should be of high quality.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of cognitive training for people with ms. there is a need for further high quality randomised controlled trials with adequate follow-up to assess the effects of training on cognitive impairment and behaviour disorders in people with advanced ms. future research should focus on improving the quality of life and on improving patient-centred clinical outcomes in patients with mild to moderate cognitive impairment.
 amitriptyline and sertraline are effective in treating depression in general practice but are associated with adverse events such as nausea and headache. however there is insufficient evidence to support their use as an effective treatment in patients with major depression. there is a need for further trials to investigate the effectiveness of these drugs in treating major depression in primary care and to compare them with other treatments such as antidepressants.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the routine use of strontium ranelate for prevention of vertebral and hip fractures in women with osteoporosis. however there is a need for further well-designed controlled trials with adequate sample sizes and adequate follow-up to determine the optimal dose and duration of use for these women. note the four citations in the awaiting classification section of the review once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of pgs for women with advanced maternal age. however there is evidence that pgs may be beneficial in improving pregnancy outcomes in ama couples with preimplantation genetic screening. there is no evidence to suggest that any specific pgs type should be used for ama patients with advanced pregnancy age. further research is required to determine whether pgs is beneficial for women who are at increased risk of miscarriage and to assess the effects on live birth.
 primary closure versus t-tube drainage is a safe and effective alternative to primary closure in patients with biliary lithiasis after choledochotomy. however there is insufficient evidence to support the routine use of primary closure over t-tub drainage after primary closure. further research is required to determine the optimal closure technique and to compare the effectiveness of this approach with other methods of closure.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of any of the commonly used analgesics for treating pelvic pain in women with chronic pelvic pain. there is a need for further well-designed trials to investigate the effectiveness of these agents in treating pelvic symptoms in women who are at increased risk of pelvic congestion and for other types of pelvic pain such as acute abdominal pain and for women with adverse events.
 oral contraceptives are safe and well tolerated for women with normal menstrual cycles. however there is insufficient evidence to support the routine use of oral contraceptives for women who are wishing to take oral contraceptives. women should be aware of the increased risk of breakthrough bleeding and increased discontinuation rates when using oral contraceptives over a period of one year. women are also more likely to discontinuate when taking oral contraceptives when using a combination of two low-dose oral contraceptives with one high-dose ocp.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the routine use of bladder washouts/instillations for indwelling catheters. there is a need for further well-designed and reported trials to evaluate the effectiveness of this intervention for bladder washout-instillation. these trials should be conducted in low-income countries and should be powered to detect clinically important adverse effects such as catheter obstructions.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of preoperative oral fluids for preoperative abdominal surgery in patients with a physical status i and ii. there is no evidence to suggest that preoperative fluids are more effective than no pre-operative fluids for preventing aspiration prophylaxis in women with a physiological status i-ii and a decreased gastric volume and ph. there are insufficient data to support the routine use of oral fluids to prevent aspiration in women.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of hydroxyurea for women with stage iib cervical cancer. there is a need for further well-designed and reported trials to determine the optimal therapy for stage iiib cervix. these trials should be conducted in the context of aortic lymphadenectomy and should be powered to detect clinically important differences in survival and quality of life outcomes between patients with different types of uterine tumours.
 ketanserin is effective in treating scleroderma and raynaud's phenomenon. however there is insufficient evidence to recommend its use as an adjuvant for the treatment of sclerodma or raynauds's phenomenon in people with sclerogma. further trials are required to determine the optimal dose and route of administration for this treatment and to assess the optimal duration of treatment.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of internal fixation for displaced intracapsular hip fractures in older patients. there is no evidence that internal fixation is associated with a reduction in the risk of hip complications in patients aged 65 to 79 years. there are no studies comparing internal fixation with internal fixation over internal fixation in patients who had undergone osteosynthesis in the same setting.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of radiotherapy for locally advanced cervical tumours in the treatment of locally advanced rectal cancer. however there is evidence that radiotherapy may be effective in improving survival and improving quality of life in locally advanced tumours. there is a need for further well-designed controlled trials to determine whether radiotherapy is effective and safe in locally invasive tumours and to compare radiotherapy with radiotherapy.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the routine use of anticholinergics in cholangitis. further trials are needed to determine whether anticholergics should be used in this setting. these trials should be of high methodological quality and should be powered to detect clinically important adverse effects such as adverse events such as death and disability.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of hydrochloride preparations for the treatment of severe malaria in children. there are insufficient data to support their use in children with severe malaria who are unable to take oral treatment. there is a need for further high quality trials in this population to determine the optimal route of administration for severe malaria and to determine which route is the most appropriate for this treatment for children with mild malaria.
 there is insufficient evidence to support smokers quit with self-help materials for reducing smoking. there is a need for high quality trials to evaluate the effectiveness of self-support materials for smoking cessation. the results of this review suggest that there is an urgent need for well-designed and reported trials to assess the effectiveness and safety of interventions to help smokers quit.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of anticholinergics for hiv infection. there is a need for further well-designed and reported trials to assess the effectiveness of antitholinergic drugs for hich infection. these trials should be conducted in hiv-infected women with a history of mucosal candidiasis and should include adequate follow-up periods.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of supplemental caudal analgesia for preterm infants undergoing inguinal herniorrhaphy. there is a need for further well-designed controlled trials to evaluate the effects of supplemental anaesthesia on neonatal outcomes such as neurocardiorespiratory complications and neurodevelopmental complications.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of hydrocortisone for women with pcos. however there is a need for further well-designed trials to determine the optimal dose and duration of hydrovortic treatment for pcos in women with polycystic ovary syndrome. there is also a need to evaluate the effects of other treatments for women undergoing ivf/icsi and to assess the effects on pregnancy outcomes.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of zidovudine monotherapy in hiv-infected patients. however the available trials are too small to draw any definite conclusions on the effectiveness of zidsovudines monotherapy for hiv disease. however we do not plan to update this review until new trials are available. we are therefore unable to make any recommendations regarding the optimal combination therapy for patients with hiv/hiv disease because of the limited number of studies included in this review.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of social marketing campaigns for promoting sex with men in south florida. further research is needed to investigate the effectiveness of social interventions for promoting sexual intercourse with men with women with sex with women and to assess the effects of interventions on sexual satisfaction with men and their partners with sexual intercourse and to determine whether interventions are effective in promoting sexual satisfaction among men with sexual partners.
 there is currently insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of postoperative radiotherapy for women with stage ib cervical cancer with negative lymph nodes. there is a need for further well-designed randomised controlled trials to evaluate the effects of this intervention on women's quality of life and progression-free survival in women with advanced stage stage women with early stage stage cervical cancer.
 pramipexole is effective in treating motor fluctuations in advanced parkinson's disease. however there is insufficient evidence to support its use as an adjuvant for pd patients. further well-designed and reported trials are required to determine its safety and tolerability and to compare its efficacy to placebo in patients with advanced pd with other types of pd.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of task-oriented interventions for improving walking ability after acute stroke after discharge from physiotherapy. there is no evidence to suggest that rehabilitation is associated with improvements in functional independence after discharge following acute stroke </interventions> we recommend that rehabilitation should be used as an adjunct to rehabilitation for people with residual walking difficulties after discharge after discharge of physiotherapy in patients with acute stroke.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of oral steroids for the treatment of steroid-dependent asthma. there is a need for well-designed controlled trials to determine whether oral steroids are effective in reducing the need for steroid therapy in steroid dependent asthma. these trials should be conducted in patients with steroid dependent asthmatic patients with asthma who require oral steroids to reduce the requirement of steroid therapy.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of physiotherapy for women with mri-verified cervical root compression without medullary compression. there is a need for well-designed adequately powered randomised controlled trials to evaluate the efficacy and safety of different physiotherapy types for cervical root compressions. such trials should be conducted in low-income countries with low risk of bias and should be of high quality.
 pq and artesunate-pyrimethamine are effective in reducing parasitaemia in people with p. falciparum and vivax in areas of south west asia and in areas with low density p. parasitology in areas where pq is not available for the treatment of uncomplicated p. pq-mosaemia is effective in decreasing parasitological cure of pq but no studies were identified for other types of monotherapy. no studies have been identified for this review.
 there is currently insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of oxcarbazepine monotherapy for epilepsy. however there is a need for well-designed adequately powered trials with adequate sample sizes and adequate follow-up periods to determine the optimal dose and duration of treatment for people with epilepsy. such trials should be conducted in people with pre-existing epilepsy and should be powered to detect clinically important differences in efficacy and safety.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of cycloserine in the treatment of alzheimer's disease. however there is a need for further well-designed and reported trials to determine its efficacy and safety in the management of this disease. these trials should be conducted in the context of well designed and reported randomised controlled trials with appropriate outcome measures.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of antidepressants in children and adolescents with depression. there is a need for further well-designed controlled trials to determine whether antidepressants are effective and safe in this population. the results of this review suggest that antidepressants may be more effective than placebo in treating depression in young people with unipolar disorder. however there is no evidence to suggest that they are more effective or safe than placebo.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the routine use of pre-treatment interventions for preventing stroke in people with pre-stroke stroke. further research is needed to determine the optimal intervention for preventing strokes in people who are at high risk of stroke and to determine whether pretreatment interventions are effective in preventing stroke and its adverse effects. future trials should include long-term follow-up and outcome measures such as mortality and adverse effects as well as outcome measures.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of epidural analgesics for women in spontaneous labour. women should be informed of the risks of maternal and neonatal morbidity and should be encouraged to take part in future trials. note the four citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the reviews once assessed in full-term trials.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of manipulation for cervical neck pain in addition to cervical manipulation for neck pain and neck disability in patients with neck pain. there is no evidence that manipulation is associated with neck disability or reduction in cervical range of motion in patients who are unable to tolerate physiotherapy. there are insufficient data to support any treatment modalities for cervical pain in people with cervical spine dysfunction.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of biphasic and one triphasic regimens for women with premenstrual bleeding. there is a need for high quality randomized controlled trials to evaluate the efficacy of these regimens in women with postmenstruals. such trials should be conducted in low-dose regimens with adequate follow-up to determine the optimal dose and duration.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of methylprednisolone in the treatment of ms. however there is a need for further well-designed and reported trials to determine the optimal dose and route of administration for the management of ms and to assess the efficacy and safety profiles of different oral steroids. these trials should be powered to detect clinically important differences between different oral steroid regimens and to evaluate the effects of different systemic regimens.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of spironolactone in the treatment of essential hypertension. there is a need for well-designed and reported randomised controlled trials to evaluate its efficacy in preventing blood pressure hypertension in hypertensive patients. such trials should be conducted in high-income countries with low blood pressure and should be powered to detect clinically important blood pressure lowering events.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of anti-inflammatory drugs for crohn's disease. however there is a need for well-designed adequately powered randomised controlled trials to evaluate the efficacy and safety of these drugs in patients with active disease. such trials should be conducted in the context of a randomized controlled trial with adequate follow-up to assess the effectiveness of these agents.
 olanzapine is effective in the treatment of acute bipolar disorder and is associated with a reduction in dry mouth and somnolence compared with placebo. however there is insufficient evidence to support its use as an adjunctive treatment for acute mania. further trials are required to determine the optimal dose and duration of olanzoapine and to determine its safety and efficacy.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of opioid dependence as an add-on treatment for opioid dependent patients. we recommend that opioid dependence should be treated with the dsm-iv criteria for opioid dependence. we suggest that opioids should not be used as add-ons in the treatment of opioid dependent individuals with opioid dependence because of adverse effects such as opioid craving and dependence.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of endoscopy simulator training as an adjunct to bedside training in patients with limited endoscopic experience. the majority of studies included in this review were of low methodological quality and did not provide sufficient power to detect clinically important differences between the two types of endoscopic simulator training. however there is a need for more high quality trials to investigate the effectiveness and safety of this type of simulator for patients with no experience in endoscopic training.
 there is currently insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of pacifiers for breastfeeding women or infants in montreal quebec. there is a need for well-designed adequately powered trials to investigate the effectiveness of pacifier use in breastfeeding women and infants in this setting. such trials should be conducted in high-income countries. the findings of this review should be interpreted with caution as they are based on a small number of studies with low risk of bias.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of hydrocortisone over placebo for the prevention of febrile reactions in adults. however there is a need for further randomised controlled trials to evaluate the effectiveness of this intervention in adults with febriale reactions. these trials should be of high methodological quality and should be powered to detect clinically important differences in outcomes.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of antimalarial drugs in the treatment of plasmodium vivax malaria. there is a need for well-designed and reported trials to evaluate the effectiveness of these interventions in reducing adverse events in people with malaria. such trials should be conducted in high-income countries where the incidence of adverse events is low and the number of participants is low.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of interventions to improve safety in young people. there is a need for high quality trials to investigate the effects of interventions on adverse effects on childhood outcomes and to evaluate the effectiveness of interventions for improving safety in children. such trials should be conducted in settings with low incidence of adverse effects such as adverse effects of alcohol abuse and adverse effects.
 there is currently insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of heparin for the treatment of acute leukaemia. however there is a need for well-designed adequately powered trials with adequate follow-up to evaluate the efficacy and safety of this intervention. such trials should be conducted in the context of well designed adequately powered placebo-controlled trials with appropriate outcome measures.
 prophylaxis for colorectal surgery is effective in reducing the risk of postoperative wound infection and reducing the incidence of septic complications in patients with no history of intra-abdominal complications. no evidence is available to support the use of antibiotics for the prevention of wound infection in patients undergoing elective colonic surgery. no studies were identified for the reduction of wound infections in the included studies. none of the studies included in the meta-analysis was identified as being of low methodological quality and therefore no conclusions can be drawn for the inclusion of the review.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of any of the interventions for women with placental insufficiency. there is a need for well-designed adequately powered trials to evaluate the efficacy and safety of interventions for this condition. such trials should be conducted in low-income countries and should be of high methodological quality. note the four citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the reviewed review once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of early blood transfusion for acute abdominal haemorrhage in cirrhagic patients. however there is a need for further well-designed and reported randomised controlled trials to evaluate the effects of early-blood transfusion on acute haemodilution in acute abdominal hemorrhage in patients with cirrhage.
 prephenazin-enanthate and clopenthixol decanoate may be effective in reducing hostility hypochondria and autonomic symptoms in schizophrenia patients. however there is insufficient evidence to support the use of these drugs in the treatment of schizophrenia patients in finland. further research is needed to investigate the efficacy of these interventions in treating schizophrenia patients and to determine whether they are effective in treating hostility hypothyochondria or other adverse effects.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of sacral nerve stimulation for fecal incontinence in adults. there is a need for well-designed adequately powered randomized controlled trials to evaluate the efficacy and safety of this intervention in adults with fecal and incontontinence. such trials should be conducted in low-income countries with low risk of bias and should be powered to detect clinically important adverse effects.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of corticosteroids for women with threatened preterm labour. further trials are needed to determine the role of corticsosteroids in preventing preterm birth. note the four citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the reviewed review once assessed. note also the six citations in awaiting classification sections of the reviews may alter our conclusions once assessed in the light of the results of the new review once reviewed.
 isosorbide mononitrate and misoprostol are effective in preventing cervical ripening prior to first trimester surgical evacuation of the uterus but there is insufficient evidence to support the use of these regimens as an alternative to other methods of cervix ripening in women undergoing suction evacuation of pregnancy. there is no evidence to suggest that any of the regimens are more effective than no treatment or no treatment. there are insufficient data to make any recommendations for clinical practice.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of suture of the peritoneal closure after lateral paramedian incision for laparotomy in patients undergoing abdominal abdominal surgery. further trials are required to determine whether suture is effective in the management of abdominal abdominal surgical wounds and to determine the optimal position for suture for abdominal surgery in patients with acute abdominal abdominal procedures.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of plasma exchange as a treatment for neuropathy and mgus of the igg iga or sham plasma exchange. further trials are needed to determine whether plasma exchange is effective in improving neuropathy or mgus and to determine if plasma exchange should be used as an alternative to plasma exchange in neuropathy treatment.
 there is insufficient evidence to support mothers and fathers for reducing smoking in the home and reducing children's exposure to environmental tobacco ets in their homes. these studies are limited to studies of low-income families and therefore should be interpreted cautiously as they are likely to be effective in reducing children with asthma and reduce children's symptoms in their own health. the studies were small to moderate to low-intensity groups and did not show a statistically significant effect on children's asthma and reduced children's respiratory symptoms.
 aromatherapy is effective in reducing agitated behaviours in people with dementia. however there is insufficient evidence to support its use as an adjunctive therapy for people with severe dementia. further research is needed to determine the effectiveness and safety of this intervention for patients with mild cognitive impairment and to assess the effects of other therapies on agitation in dementia patients with severe cognitive impairment such as anticholinergics.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the routine use of thrombophilia in pre-eclampsia. however there is a need for further well-designed and reported trials to assess the effects of this intervention on pregnancy outcomes. such trials should be conducted in pregnant women with severe pre-esclampsiae. note the four citations in the awaiting classification section ofthe review may alter the conclusions of the review once assessed.
 there is currently insufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of interventions to improve health-related outcomes in shift workers. there is a need for well-designed adequately powered randomised controlled trials with adequate sample sizes and adequate follow-up to determine whether interventions are beneficial for shift workers with metabolic syndrome or whether interventions should be used as an adjunct to other types of physical activity and nutrition programmes.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of dopamine agonists for parkinson's disease as monotherapy. however there is a need for further well-designed controlled trials to determine the optimal dose and duration of therapy for early pd. the current available evidence is insufficient to support the routine use of these agents in early parkinson´s disease.
 oral anticoagulant therapy is effective in reducing stroke and hemorrhagic complications in patients with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation. however there is insufficient evidence to support its use as an effective treatment for people with non-valvalvalbillation. future trials should focus on patients with low risk of major bleeding and on patients who are at high risk of stroke and who are more likely to experience major bleeding.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of vitamin d sterols for treating secondary hyperparathyroidism in end-stage renal disease. there is a need for further well-designed controlled trials to evaluate the effects of calcium-d sterols in this patient group and to assess the safety of calcium and calcium-containing agents in this population. the trials should be powered to detect clinically important adverse events.
 there is currently insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of prednisone over chloroquine for the treatment of ra. further trials are needed to confirm the efficacy and acceptability of these drugs in patients with rheumatoid arthritis. these trials should be of high methodological quality and should be powered to detect clinically important differences in outcomes. future trials should focus on outcomes such as quality of life and adverse effects.
 there is insufficient evidence to support family-based interventions for people with schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders. however there is a need for more studies to investigate the effects of family-oriented interventions for patients with schizophrenia. there is no evidence to suggest that families-based intervention are more effective than no treatment or no treatment in people with schizoective disorders and there is also no evidence of a reduction in the number of people who need hospitalisation or need for care as well as a decrease in time-to-relapse.
 gabapentin is effective in treating migraine with or without aura. however there is insufficient evidence to recommend its use as a prophylactic for migraine. further trials are needed to determine its efficacy and safety in combination with other drugs such as anticholinergics and to assess its safety and tolerability in other types of migraine. trials should be conducted in patients with acute migraine.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of thymosin as monotherapy in patients with advanced non-small cell cell carcinoma. there is a need for further trials to determine the optimal combination therapy for this tumour type and to assess the combination of monotherapy and monotherapy for tumour-related toxicities. the combination should be used in combination with monotherapy to improve survival and reduce febrile episodes and to reduce the risk of infection.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of prolonged hyperventilation in the treatment of head injury. further trials are needed to confirm the efficacy and safety of this intervention in patients with head injury and to determine its effectiveness in reducing the risk of death and other adverse events. future trials should focus on improving the quality of life of patients with severe head injury as well as on assessing the effect of this treatment on mortality and adverse events in people with head injuries.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the routine use of preoperative chemotherapy in the treatment of mogct. however there is a need for further well designed and reported randomised controlled trials to evaluate the efficacy and safety of postoperative chemotherapy for this condition. such trials should be conducted in high-quality settings with adequate follow-up and adequate outcome measures to assess the effectiveness and safety.
 mirena and novat may be effective in reducing the incidence of novates but the quality of the evidence is very low. there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of any of the other contraceptive methods in the treatment of novsat. further research is needed to determine the most effective contraceptive methods and to determine whether the most appropriate contraceptive methods are effective in women with novatis.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of child sexual abuse prevention programs for preventing sexual abuse in children. there is a need for high quality high quality trials to evaluate the effectiveness and safety of child abuse prevention programmes for prevention in children with mild mental retardation. future research should focus on improving the quality of life of children with severe mental disorders and on identifying the most effective interventions for prevention programs.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the efficacy of interventions for the treatment of multiple sclerosis. however there is a need for further well-designed and reported trials to evaluate the effectiveness of interventions in treating multiple sclerosis and to compare the efficacy and safety of interventions with other types of treatments. these trials should be conducted in the context of well designed and reported randomised controlled trials.
 preoperative biliary drainage was associated with a higher incidence of cholangitis and intraoperative bleeding than preoperative endoscopic drainage. however there is insufficient evidence to make any recommendations for the treatment of obstructive jaundice because of the lack of high quality randomised controlled trials. future trials should focus on patients with malignant obstructive obstruction and on patients who are most likely to benefit from this intervention.
 naltrexone is effective for maintenance of relapse and reduction of hiv risk behaviours in opioid-dependent patients. however there is insufficient evidence to support its use as an add-on treatment for treatment of opioid dependence in opioid dependent patients. the available evidence is insufficient to support or refute its use in this population. further trials are required to determine the optimal dose and duration of maintenance of treatment for opioid dependence and to assess the efficacy and safety of other add-ons.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of alkalinised lidocaine as a local anesthetic for lignocaine in the treatment of local anaesthetic complications. there is no evidence to suggest that alkalinization is superior to other local anesthetics for pain during local anaesthesia. there are insufficient data to draw any conclusions about the effect of alkalized lidocane on pain in the management of local anesthesia.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of antibiotic therapy for treating uncomplicated utis in children. there is a need for further well-designed and reported trials to determine whether antibiotic therapy is effective in treating utis with antibiotics in children and adults. the current evidence is insufficient to support the routine use of antibiotics for treating urinary tract infections in children with utis. there are insufficient data to make any recommendations for clinical practice.
 hypertensive drugs are effective in lowering diastolic blood pressure in patients with mild to moderate hypertension. the reduction in sbp and sesbp is associated with a reduction in blood pressure and a decrease in systolic bp in patients treated with aldosterone monotherapy. the decrease of sbp was associated with an increase in blood-pressure lowering in people treated with an antihypertective class. the increase in sisbp and decrease in people with elevated blood pressure at 1-receptor bp and a decreased decrease in those treated with monotherapy and those treated in patients who are at high risk of cardiovascular events and discontinuations.
 pj with external stent is associated with a lower risk of pancreatic fistula and a higher risk of gastric emptying compared with no stent. however there is insufficient evidence to draw any conclusions about the effect of pj on mortality. further research is required to determine the optimal route of drainage for pj and to compare the effects of this intervention with other types of drainage in patients undergoing pancreaticoduodenectomy.
 tramadol/acetaminophen combination tablets are effective in reducing pain and improving function in people with lbp. however there is insufficient evidence to support their use as an effective treatment for people with low-back pain. further trials are required to determine the optimal dose and duration of analgesia and to assess the safety of tramadols and acetaminophen combinations in patients with lower-back conditions.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of unfractionated heparin for the treatment of venous thrombosis in patients with acute leg dvt. there is a need for more high-molecular-weight heparins to be used as a first line treatment for this condition. there are no studies available to support or refute the routine use of ufh as a second line treatment in people with acute limbs dvt with no evidence of pulmonary embolism or major bleeding.
 there is currently insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of interventions to improve the quality of life of people with tuberculosis infection. however there is a need for high quality high quality trials to evaluate the effectiveness of interventions for tuberculosis infection in people with latent tuberculosis infection and to investigate the efficacy of interventions on tuberculosis treatment outcomes such as tuberculosis-specific outcomes and outcomes. future research should focus on improving the quality and quantity of treatment and on the prevention of tuberculosis infections.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of any specific technique for the treatment of oroximal periodontal defects. the majority of studies included in this review were of low methodological quality and did not provide sufficient evidence to determine the optimal technique for this treatment. there is a need for well-designed controlled trials to determine which technique is the most appropriate for the most effective technique for oroids in this setting. the current evidence is insufficient to support the routine use of this technique.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of swimming as an intervention for asthma in children and adolescents with moderate asthma. there is a need for well-designed trials to evaluate the effects of swimming interventions on asthma outcomes in children with moderate and severe asthma and to investigate the effectiveness of other types of swim interventions for children with asthma with moderate to severe asthma.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of u-hcg for women undergoing assisted reproduction. there are insufficient data to support its use as an oocyte preparation technique. there is a need for further well-designed rcts to determine the optimal dose and duration of hcg in women undergoing ivf and to assess the safety of the same dose of progesterone for women with icsi and to determine whether the use is associated with increased risk of adverse events.
 oxytocin and syntometrine are effective in preventing postpartum haemorrhage in the united arab emirates but there is insufficient evidence to support their use as an add-on treatment for women with severe hypertension or systolic blood pressure. the available evidence does not support the routine use of oxytocins or oxytocic in the treatment of women with elevated blood pressure or hystolic and diastolic blood pressures.
 smoking cessation strategies are effective in reducing smoking cessation rates in smokers. however the evidence is insufficient to make any recommendations about the most effective interventions for smoking cessation. the results of this review suggest that there is insufficient evidence to support the routine use of smoking cessation interventions for smokers in the usa. future research should focus on improving the quality of life of smokers and on reducing the incidence of quit intentions.
 there is currently insufficient evidence to support the use of chemoradiotherapy as a monotherapy for nasopharyngeal carcinoma in patients with npc. there is no evidence to suggest that the combination chemotherapy is superior to radiotherapy alone in terms of overall survival or progression free survival in npc patients. however there is a need for further well-designed rcts to determine the optimal combination chemotherapy for npc in selected patients. these studies should be conducted in endemic areas.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of any of the methods used to prevent postpartum hemorrhage in normal placentas. further trials are needed to determine the effectiveness of the various methods used in this condition. note the four citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the reviewed review once assessed. the review will no longer be updated.
 theophylline is more effective than nocturnal inhaled monchodilator therapy for reducing noctcturnal symptoms in moderate to severe asthma but there is insufficient evidence to support its use as an alternative to regular bronchodils in patients with asthma. there is a need for more well-designed controlled trials with adequate follow-up to assess the efficacy and safety of inhaled corticosteroids for patients with mild to moderate asthma.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of physiotherapy for people with chronic obstructive disease following chronic stroke. there is a need for well-designed and reported trials to evaluate physiotherapy as an intervention for people who are at risk of disability after chronic stroke and to evaluate its effectiveness in people with long-term mobility problems. future trials should focus on improving the quality of life of people with mild obstructive diseases and on improving functional outcomes.
 mammographic screening for breast cancer reduces the risk of death in women aged 40-64 years but does not appear to reduce breast cancer-related morbidity. however there is insufficient evidence to support the use of mammography for screening of breast cancer in this age group. further research is required to determine whether mammography should be used as a first-line screening for women with breast cancer and to assess the effects of screening on breast-related mortality.
 oral antiretroviral drugs emtricitabine and tenofovir disoproxil fumarate are effective in reducing nausea and vomiting in people with sex with men. however there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of these drugs in the treatment of men who have sex with women. further research is needed to determine the optimal dose and duration of treatment and to assess the effects on adverse events.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the routine use of root-end resection for nonhealing periradicular pathosis. there is a need for high quality randomised controlled trials to evaluate the effectiveness of root end resection in the treatment of prehealing surgery. such trials should be conducted in low-income countries with low risk of bias.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of cryogenic and conventional surgery for lm. however there is a need for well-designed adequately powered randomised controlled trials to evaluate the efficacy and safety of these interventions. such trials should be conducted in low-income countries with low incidence of lm and should be powered to detect clinically important differences in outcome.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of hydrogel infusion for rheumatoid arthritis. there is a need for further well-designed and reported rcts to evaluate the effectiveness of this intervention for the treatment of ra. these trials should be conducted in the context of well designed and well-controlled rheumatic arthritis trials.
 active compression-decompression cardiopulmonary resuscitation is associated with a reduction in the risk of neurological outcome in patients who had cardiac arrest outside the hospital but no reduction in neurological outcome was found in patients receiving cpr. there is insufficient evidence to support the use of this technique as a first-line treatment for cardiac arrest in people who have nonraumatic cardiac arrest. there are insufficient data to support its use as a second-line technique for patients who have cardiac arrest within the hospital.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of antioxidant supplements for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. however there is a need for further well-designed controlled trials to determine whether antioxidant supplements are effective in amyotroph sclerosis and whether they are safe and effective in the management of this condition. there is no evidence to suggest that antioxidant supplements should be used as first-line treatment for als or other types of als.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of elective implants for mucosal implants in periapical cultures. there is a need for further well-designed trials to determine the optimal type of implant for this condition. future trials should focus on improving the quality of life of patients and on improving bone healing in the upper arch.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the routine use of lycopene supplementation for the treatment of bph. further trials are needed to confirm the efficacy and safety profiles of these supplements in men with elevated bph and to determine whether they are effective in preventing bph progression in patients with elevated prostate hyperplasia. these trials should be powered to detect clinically important adverse effects such as increased serum psa levels and psa-levels.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of topical eyedrops for trigeminal neuralgia in the treatment of trigemina oxytocaine. there is a need for further well-designed and reported randomised controlled trials to evaluate the efficacy and safety of these drugs in trigemine neuralgias. these trials should be powered to detect clinically important differences in efficacy between these drugs.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of cio for liver resections in patients with cirrhosis. there is no evidence that cio is more effective than intermittent clamping in patients who are not cirrhotic. there are no studies comparing cio with continuous clamping and intermittent looping for hepatectomy in patients undergoing liver transection. there was no evidence of a difference between cio versus intermittent loop clamping for patients with normal liver parenchyma.
 pirenzepine monocals are effective in reducing myopic progression in children with a small amount of myopia but are associated with a decrease in myopia progression and a decreased risk of developing myopia. no adverse events were reported in the included studies. no studies were found to have a significant effect on myopia in children who were not treated with monocoals. no study was found to be associated with an increase in the risk of severe myopia when wearing monocoal or monocal retinal myopia and no studies reported on adverse events in children treated with bifocals or monocoAL retinal retinal or ocular biocals.
 ocular ointment is effective in reducing blepharitis and associated rosacea and reduces the number of meibomian gland inclusions in the control eye. there is insufficient evidence to support the use of topical ointments in the treatment of blepharmaritis or blepharaoconjunctivitis. there are insufficient data to support a recommendation for the routine use of ocular oxy-3 ointents in the management of patients with ocular disease. the current evidence is insufficient to support any recommendation for topical ocular orgahexa ocular/oxy-2 ointants for the prevention of bacterial-free bacterial infections in patients with meibomonous ocular diseases.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of hydrocortisone to prevent preterm delivery in preterm women with suspected preterm labour. there is a need for further trials to investigate the effectiveness of this intervention in preventing preterm birth in women who have uterine contractions with normal saline solution and to determine the optimal dose and route of administration for women who continue to labour with intravenous magnesium.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of antimicrobial prophylaxis for people with cytopenia or ameloid leukemia. there is a need for well-designed randomised controlled trials to evaluate the effects of antimicrobials on mortality and morbidity in people with aml. these trials should be conducted in high-quality settings with adequate follow-up.
 oxygen supplementation during moderate-maximal exercise reduces oxygen in one second fev1 in patients with hypoxaemia and hyppnoea but does not appear to be associated with increased hyperinflation. oxygen supplementation is associated with a reduction in hyperoxa and a decrease in breathlessness in people with hypoxic copd and does not seem to have a clinically important effect on mortality or morbidity.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of bier's block over haematoma block for the treatment of distal radius fractures in adults. there is no evidence to suggest that bier-block is superior to other block types for the management of acute distal fracture. there are insufficient data to determine whether bier blocks should be used for the prevention of acute fractures in adult patients with distal and closed fractures. further trials are required to determine the optimal block type for acute fractures.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the routine use of manual vacuum aspiration for first trimester abortion in women with pre-eclampsia. there is a need for more high quality randomised controlled trials with adequate follow-up to determine the optimal method for first-trimester abortions in women who are pregnant. the current evidence is insufficient to recommend the use of any particular method for this purpose. further research is required to determine which methods are the most effective and safe methods for this procedure.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the routine use of velopharyngeal insufficiency in submucous cleft palate. however there is a need for further well-designed placebo-controlled trials to evaluate the efficacy and safety of this intervention. such trials should be conducted in the context of well designed and reported clinical trials to assess the effectiveness of interventions to improve outcomes.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of hypothermia for cerebral aneurysmal subarachnoid haemorrhage. however there is a need for well-designed randomised controlled trials with adequate follow-up to determine the optimal treatment for this condition. such trials should be conducted in high-grade patients with a preoperative history of severe subarachynoids and should be powered to detect clinically important outcomes.
 community-based interventions are effective in reducing physical activity in people aged 18 to 65 years living in deprived neighbourhoods. there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of community interventions in improving physical activity and reducing weight gain in those aged 18-65 years living within deprived neighbourhoods in arkansas and tennessee. there are insufficient data to support the effectiveness and safety of community- based interventions in reducing weight and improving physical activities in these communities.
 prophylactic antibiotics doxycycline and azithromycin are effective in preventing iud-related pelvic infection in women with low risk of iud infection. however there is insufficient evidence to recommend the use of these antibiotics as an effective treatment for women with lower risk of infection. further research is required to determine the optimal antibiotic regimen for women who do not have an iud or low-risk of iuds infection.
 desferriamine and deferiprone are equally effective in thalassemia major and serum ferritin levels. however there is insufficient evidence to support or refute their use as an alternative to desferritin. the available evidence is insufficient to support the use of these agents as a first-line treatment for thalassaemia major. further trials are required to confirm the effectiveness of desferridin as a second-line therapy for thalaassemia.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of punchline-effect as an effective treatment for pruritus in patients with cholestasis. there is no evidence to suggest that pbc is effective in treating pruris in patients treated with erythropoietin or rifampin for treating patients with uremia and pbc in patients who are unable to tolerate pbc due to the lack of evidence in the included studies.
 endoscopic variceal ligation is an effective method for reducing resting pulse in patients with high-risk esophageal varices but there is no evidence to support the use of propranolol in patients at high risk of bleeding in cirrhosis. there is insufficient evidence to determine the optimal prophylaxis for patients with low-risk varices. there are no studies available to assess the optimal treatment method for patients who are at increased risk for bleeding.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of benzodiazepines for the treatment of alcohol withdrawal symptoms in patients who are unable to withdraw from alcohol withdrawal due to a lack of studies. there is no evidence that any of the other anticonvulsants are effective in reducing withdrawal symptoms and reducing the need for additional medication in patients with an alcohol withdrawal syndrome.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of amitriptyline as an add-on treatment for the treatment of pre-existing premenstrual conditions. further research is needed to determine the optimal combination and combination therapy for pre-menstruals and to determine its role in the management of postmenstruative conditions such as postmenopausal complications.
 aripiprazole is an effective antipsychotic medication for schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders. however there is insufficient evidence to support its use as an effective treatment for schizophrenia or schizoective disorder. there is a need for further well-designed trials to evaluate the efficacy and tolerability profiles of this drug in people with schizophrenia and other schizosuppective disorders and to evaluate its safety profile in comparison to other drugs such as other drugs.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of chlorhexidine for the prevention of peripartal infection in labour. there is a need for well-designed randomised controlled trials with adequate follow-up to assess the effects of this intervention on the prevention and treatment of preterm birth. note the four citations in the awaiting classification section ofthe review may alter the conclusions of the review once assessed. the review will no longer be updated.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of educational interventions for ventilator-associated pneumonia in clinical settings. however there is evidence that educational interventions are effective in reducing pneumonia rates in outpatient care settings. there is also evidence that education interventions may be effective in decreasing pneumonia rates when used as part of a surgical intensive care protocol. however the evidence is limited by the small number of studies included in this review and the small sample sizes of the studies.
 laparoscopic appendectomy does not appear to be associated with a reduction in the need for analgesia and the time to return to normal activities when laparoscopy is associated with an increase in wound infections and a decrease in the length of stay in the hospital for women and the need of analgesia for reducing wound infections in women and no reduction in postoperative complications in women with acute appendicitis<sep<interventions are associated with increased wound infection and a decreased length of hospital stay for women with a decreased rate of sick leave for women. no reduction was found in the cost of women with an increased rate of wound infections but no reduction between women and men with a reduced rate of no reduction for the cost.
 sargramostim was more effective than placebo for inducing remission in crohn's disease. however the evidence is insufficient to recommend its use as an adjunctive treatment for crohn´s disease. further trials are needed to determine the optimal dose and duration of treatment for patients with crohn`s disease with corticosteroid dependence and to assess the efficacy of other agents.
 ibuprofen given orally 1 hour before separator placement is effective in reducing post-extraction pain in children with moderate to severe pain associated with primary mandibular molar tooth extraction. the evidence is limited by the small number of studies included in this review and the small sample sizes of the included studies. further research is required to determine the optimal dose and duration of administration for post-operative ibupsrofen in children and adults.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of antimicrobial prophylaxis for neutropenia in patients who are at increased risk for gramulocytopenia and/or mortality. there are insufficient data to support a reduction in all-cause mortality in patients receiving antineoplastic therapy for patients with nebrile episodes.<interventions are not supported by the available evidence.
 calcium supplementation during pregnancy reduces the risk of pre-eclampsia and preterm birth but there is insufficient evidence to support the use of calcium supplementation in women with pre-existing hypertension. calcium supplementation is associated with a reduction in the rate of pregnancy-induced hypertension but there are insufficient data to support its use in women at high risk of pregnancy. calcium supplements should not be used for women with elevated blood pressure or to reduce the risk for pre-embraternal and neonatal outcomes. there is no evidence to recommend calcium supplementation for women at increased risk of hypertension or preterm births.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of dietary interventions to prevent type iv hypercholesterolemia in people with normal body weight. there is a need for further well-designed controlled trials to investigate the effects of dietary intervention on type iv disease and to evaluate the effects on type ii hypercholesterol in people who are at increased risk of developing non-diet-dependent diabetes with no-treatment.
 fluoride varnishes are effective in reducing caries progression in permanent first molars but there is insufficient evidence to support their use as an adjunct to other types of caries reduction in adults and children. there is no evidence to suggest that they are effective as a substitute for other forms of oral caries in adults or children. the current available evidence is insufficient to support the use of any type of fluoride for this purpose. future research should focus on improving the quality of life in children and adults.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of stapled haemorrhoidectomy for hemorrhoidectomy in the treatment of haemsorrhoids in patients with hemorrhoids grade iii and iv hemorrhoids. there is no evidence to suggest that stapling haemodectomy is superior to excision hemorrhoids for the management of hemorrhoids in terms of postoperative pain and reduction in postoperative complications and a reduced hospital stay. there are no studies available for other types of hemorrhoidalectomy.
 penfluridol and trifluoperazine are effective in treating schizophrenia but there is insufficient evidence to make any recommendations for clinical practice. we recommend that future trials should be of high methodological quality and report on the effects of these drugs on people with schizophrenia. we suggest that future research should focus on improving the quality of life of patients with schizophrenia and on the treatment of people with schizoaffective disorders.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of anticonvulsants for the treatment of impulsive aggression in cluster b personality disorders. there is a need for further well-designed and reported trials to evaluate the efficacy of these agents for treating impulsive aggressive aggression in people with comorbid psychiatric disorders. these trials should be conducted in the context of well-defined subtypes of psychophysiological disorders.
 palliative sigmoid colectomy for advanced colonic cancer does not appear to be effective in reducing the incidence of adverse events in patients with advanced tumours. however there is insufficient evidence to recommend its use as an effective treatment for advanced tumouric cancer. further trials are needed to determine the effectiveness of this intervention in improving the quality of life of patients with cancer.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the routine use of ivig in preterm preterm infants with very low birth weight infants. there is no evidence that ivig is effective in preventing sepsis. there are insufficient studies to determine whether ivig should be used as a prophylaxis for preterm neonates with low birthweight infants. no studies have been identified to determine the risk of sepis in high-risk neonates.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of melarsoprol for the treatment of trypanosomiasis in people with encephalopathy. there is a need for further trials to assess the efficacy and safety of combination therapy in people who are at risk for trypanotomiasis and to determine whether combination therapy is effective in treating people with ogganda.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of ratropium bromide as an inhaler for treating stable copd. there is a need for further well-designed controlled trials to evaluate the efficacy and safety of this intervention for copd and to compare the efficacy of other inhaled inhaled agents. such trials should be conducted in high-quality settings with adequate follow-up.
 there is currently insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of any type of procedure for stage ct1-t2. there is a need for further well-designed and reported trials to evaluate the effectiveness and safety of different types of procedures for ct 1-t 2. these trials should be powered to detect clinically important differences in the risk of complications such as death and major complications.
 preoperative laparoscopic cholecystectomy is not recommended for the treatment of biliary colic because of the lack of adequate follow-up and lack of reliable outcome measures. further research is required to determine the optimal treatment for patients with biliary mucic colic and to assess the optimal time-to-event ratio for these patients.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the routine use of magnesium sulphate for women with pre-eclampsia. however there is a need for further trials to determine whether magnesium sulphates should be used as an adjunct to other antiiconvulsant therapies for women who are pregnant with severe preeclampsias. there is no evidence to suggest that magnesium sulfate should be withheld from pregnant women with severe precephalampsia or who are not pregnant with mild preeclampia. further trials are required to determine the optimal dose and duration of labour for women to assess the effects on maternal and neonatal outcomes.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of interferon beta-1b as an adjunctive therapy for primary progressive ms. further trials are needed to confirm the efficacy and safety of this intervention in the management of ms. these trials should be conducted in the context of well-designed placebo-controlled clinical trials with adequate sample sizes and adequate follow-up periods.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the routine use of antioxidant supplements for the treatment of hepatitis c in patients who are not responsive to alpha-interferon or positive for hcv. there is no evidence to suggest that antioxidant supplements are effective for the prevention of hbv infection in patients with severe hepatitis c. there are insufficient data to assess the effect of antioxidant supplementation on mortality in people with hepatitis c or positive hcv infection in people who are unable to tolerate alpha-tocopherol and/or positive hv infection.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the routine use of vitreoretinal surgery for macular hole surgery in idiopathic mular hole mh surgery. there is a need for high quality randomised controlled trials to determine the optimal position for this surgery. such trials should be conducted in the context of high quality randomized controlled trials with low risk of bias.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of safe sex for hiv-seropositive hiv prevention programmes in hiv treatment settings. these studies should focus on reducing the number of unprotected anal intercourse and reduce the rate of hiv transmission among hiv participants. the studies should be powered on the basis of the available evidence and should be interpreted with caution as they are likely to be of poor quality and to be effective in reducing hiv risk-related sexual behaviour.
 mifepristone may be effective in reducing depression scores in people with major depression but there is insufficient evidence to support its use as an adjunct to other antidepressants in patients with severe depression. there is no evidence to suggest that it is more effective than placebo in reducing depressive symptoms in people who are not treated with other antidepressants or that it may be associated with a reduction in mood scores in those who are treated with antidepressants.
 there is currently insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of benzodiazepine agonists for the treatment of aws. further research is required to determine the optimal analgesia for treatment of alcohol withdrawal syndrome in people with aws and to assess the efficacy of other types ofiazepines for the management of this condition. note the four citations in the awaiting classification section of review may alter the conclusions of the review once assessed.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of school-based physical activity programs for preventing overweight and obesity in children. these studies should be conducted in low-income areas. there is no evidence to suggest that any type of physical activity program is more effective than no intervention for preventing healthy children in areas of africa-american/hispanic children. there are insufficient data to support the use and support of community-based programs for prevention of healthy children.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of nebulisers for the treatment of acute asthma in children and adults. there is no evidence that inhaled-dose inhaler regimens are superior to nebulizer regimens for bronchodilation in children with acute asthma. there are insufficient data to support their use in adults and children with severe exacerbations. the review does not provide evidence for the effect of inhaled 2-agonists in adults or children with moderate exacerbations in adults.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of rotator cuff repair for shoulder arthroplasty in rheumatoid arthritis. there is no evidence to suggest that shoulder replacement is beneficial for shoulder function in shoulder-associated arthritis in patients with rheumaticoid arthritis or osteoarthroplasty. there are insufficient data to support any recommendation for shoulder replacement for shoulder-related complications in shoulder replacement in shoulder ipsa patients. the evidence is insufficient to support a recommendation for the treatment of shoulder-specific shoulder replacement.
 peritoneal dialysis catheters are associated with a lower risk of peritonitis and exit-site infections than no-interventions. the catheter configuration is associated with higher rates of catheter-related complications and a decreased risk of infection. catheter survival was associated with lower rates of esi and catheter related complications. the risk of esis was higher with the catheter configuration than with the same configuration.
 antiepileptic drugs are effective in reducing seizure severity in lennox-gastaut syndrome. there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of these drugs as adjunctive therapy in the treatment of lennaox-Gastaut syndromes. however there is a need for further well-designed controlled trials to investigate the efficacy of these agents in reducing seizures in people with acute epilepsies.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of dietary and lifestyle interventions during pregnancy to prevent postpartum weight gain in pregnant women. there are insufficient data to support any recommendations for weight loss during pregnancy. there is a need for further trials to investigate the effects of dietary or lifestyle interventions on pregnancy outcomes. there was insufficient evidence for the use to support a reduction in pregnancy weight gain during the first trimester in women who are at high risk for gdm and there is no evidence for any other pregnancy outcome.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of therapeutic intervention for hemiplegic stroke patients. there is a need for well-designed and reported trials to evaluate the effectiveness of therapeutic interventions for hemipslegic and motor rehabilitation in people with motor deficit disorders. future trials should focus on improving the quality of life of patients with a range of motor deficit and motor disorders.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of family-based interventions for reducing alcohol and illicit drug use in children. there is a need for high-quality studies to investigate the effects of these interventions on alcohol and drug use among children and their parents. there are insufficient studies to support the use of alcohol or illicit drugs in children but there is an urgent need for well-designed studies to evaluate the effectiveness and safety of these approaches.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of antibiotics for acute sinusitis in adults with acute rhinosinusitis. there is no evidence of benefit from antibiotics for the treatment of acute sininusitis in general practice. there are insufficient data to support antibiotic treatment in acute sinousitis in a general practice setting. we recommend that antibiotics should be used as first-line treatment in patients with severe symptoms. we also recommend that antibiotic treatment should be given as first line treatment in adults to reduce the risk of pneumonia and reduce the need for antibiotic treatment.
 inhaled nitric oxide is effective in reducing respiratory failure in patients with ards but there is insufficient evidence to support its use as a treatment for people with severe hypoxia in ards. there are insufficient data to support the use of inhaled oxide as an effective treatment for patients with acute hypoxemia in adults. there is a need for further well-designed randomised controlled trials with adequate follow-up to determine the optimal dose-response and duration of treatment for these patients.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of monosuppressive chemotherapy for cancer patients with haematopoietic response and/or severe anemia in patients with non-hodgkin's lymphoma<sep> patients with hemoglobin levels ≥sep<normal haemoglobin levels ≤sep>. haemotoxic chemotherapy is associated with a reduction in hemoglobin requirements and a decrease in the need for red blood cell transfusion.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of opioid analgesia during labour for analgesia in women with cephalic cervates. there is no evidence to suggest that opioids are more effective than epidural analgesia for pain relief during labour. there are insufficient data to support any of the other analgesia techniques for women with oxytocin use during labour and no studies are available to support this approach.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of evening primrose oil for the treatment of eczema in people with atopic dermatitis. there is a need for further well-designed controlled trials to determine its efficacy and tolerability and to determine whether it is an effective treatment for atopic eczemitis in adults. the current available evidence is insufficient to support the routine use of this intervention in the management of this condition in people.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of antimicrobials for bacterial peritonitis in cirrhotic patients. there is no evidence to suggest that antibiotics are effective in reducing infection rates in patients with bacterial perititis. however there is a need for further well-designed controlled trials to determine whether antibiotics are beneficial in patients who are not receiving antibiotics in order to reduce infection rates and reduce infection-related mortality in patients.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of antibiotic prophylactic antibiotics for preventing perineal complications after a vaginal delivery. there is a need for well-designed adequately powered randomised controlled trials with adequate follow-up to evaluate the effectiveness of antibiotic treatment for preventing premenstrual complications. such trials should be conducted in low-income countries where antibiotics are commonly used as first line agents.
 pfe is effective in reducing urinary incontinence after pfmt after radical prostatectomy for men who are incontinent after bladder diaries. pfs is effective for improving urinary continence after pfs. the use of biofeedback may be associated with a reduction in the risk of severe urinary obstruction and a decrease in the need for more intensive urinary exercises. the treatment of patients with severe urinary obstructions following pfs does not appear to be effective for men with normal urinary control after bladder-specific resection of the prostate but is associated with increased urinary volume and a decreased risk of urinary obstruction.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of smoking cessation strategies for people with schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorders. there is a need for more studies to investigate the effectiveness of smoking reduction strategies for patients with schizophrenia and schizoective disorders and to compare the effects of different types of smoking strategies for those with schizophrenia with other types of schizophrenia and to evaluate the effect of other forms of smoking treatment for people who are atypical schizophrenia and who are willing to quit.
 there is insufficient evidence to support the use of vvi pacing for the prevention of stroke and cardiovascular events in people with sinus-node dysfunction. there is a need for further trials to determine the optimal pacing mode for patients with sss and to compare vvi and ddd pacing with vvi paces for prevention of atrial ischemia and cardiovascular complications in patients with a history of atrioventricular conduction.
 there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of interventions to reduce the prevalence of alcohol misuse in people with non-insulin-dependent diabetes. there is a need for more high quality trials to evaluate the effectiveness and safety of interventions for alcohol misuse and other types of alcohol use disorders in patients with diabetes. future research should focus on improving the quality of life of people with alcohol misuse. future trials should include adequately powered randomised controlled trials.