there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of day hospital care in the treatment of people with schizophrenia.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of atropine eyedrops for the treatment of myopia.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of manual aspiration in the treatment of primary spontaneous pneumothorax. further trials are needed.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of rf ablation in the treatment of hcc. further randomised controlled trials are needed.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of interventions for smoking cessation in general practice. there is a need for further research to assess the effects of interventions on smoking cessation.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of functional appliances in the treatment of class ii division 1 malocclusion.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of pharmacological interventions in the treatment of epilepsy. there is a need for further research.
the is insufficient evidence to support the use of ancillary services for hiv-infected women. further research is needed.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of dronabinol in the treatment of people with alzheimer's disease.
there is insufficient evidence from randomised controlled trials to support the use of masking for wound infections in women undergoing surgery.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of nicotine patches for smoking cessation in adolescents. further research is needed to determine whether nicotine patches are effective in preventing smoking.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of magnesium sulfate in the treatment of pre-eclampsia.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of human erythropoietin in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. further randomised controlled trials are needed.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of local anesthetics in the management of pain in children.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of psychotherapy in the treatment of posttraumatic stress disorder. further research is needed.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of oral progestogens for the suppression of spermatogenesis in healthy men.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of iuds in women with iud-related pain.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of inhaled beclomethasone in preterm infants with chronic lung disease.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of cephalometric superimposition in the prevention of canine eruption. further research is needed to determine the optimal use of this technique.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of hyperbaric oxygen therapy in patients with acute ischemic stroke.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of internal fixation for radial head fractures in patients with mason type iii radial heads.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of percutaneous radiofrequency lumbar sympathectomy for the treatment of patients with lad.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of computer-mediated interventions for hiv prevention in adolescents.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of ihcws in the treatment of children with asthma.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of oral steroids in children with active crohn's disease.
the is insufficient evidence to support the use of acetaminophen in the treatment of postoperative dental pain.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of donepezil for the treatment of alzheimer's disease in patients with mild to moderate ad.
the is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of gonadotrophin agonists for ovarian hyperstimulation.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of carbamazepine for the treatment of idiopathic subjective tinnitus.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of macrolide antibiotics in the treatment of rhinosinusitis.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of pseudoephedrine in the treatment of common colds.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion for the prevention of hypoglycaemia in people with type 1 diabetes.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of cigarette advertising in the promotion of smoking. further research is needed.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of heparin in the treatment of pulmonary embolism.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of intra-amniotic antibiotics for the prevention of endometritis. further trials are needed.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of diflunisal in the treatment of postoperative pain.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of culture-confirmed melioidosis as a treatment for severe melioids. further randomised controlled trials are needed.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of telephone telephonic consultations in primary care settings.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of oral contraceptives for women with idiopathic or functional ovarian hyperandrogenism.
there is insufficient evidence to determine whether tobramycin improves lung function in patients with cystic fibrosis. there is no evidence to support or refute the use of inhaled or inhaled inhaled antibiotics for the treatment of pulmonary disease.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of beta-carotene in the treatment of cf.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of antibiotics in the treatment of prostate biopsies. there is a need for further trials.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of family planning services for hiv-positive women. further research is needed to determine the effectiveness of community-based reproductive health services.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of antipsychotic drugs in the treatment of low-birthweight infants.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of risperidone in the treatment of schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of antibiotics for percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy in the treatment of peristomal infections.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of internal fixation in the treatment of subcapital femoral fractures.
the is insufficient evidence to determine whether vitamin e supplementation reduces the incidence of cvd in elderly people with chronic disease.
there is insufficient evidence to recommend the use of a cemented hemiarthroplasty for the prevention of displaced femoral neck fractures.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of piracetam in the treatment of people with acute cerebral ischemia.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of phenobarbital in the management of ich in preterm infants.
there is insufficient evidence to recommend the use of naltrexone for the prevention of opioid dependence.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of ultrasound-guided nerve blocks for the prevention of nerve block failure.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of methadone maintenance as a treatment for opiate dependence. further research is needed.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of workplace intervention in the management of msd. further research is needed to assess the effectiveness of workplace interventions for msd and other health outcomes.
the is insufficient evidence to determine whether vitamin e supplementation reduces the incidence of cataract in older adults.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of aspirin in the treatment of familial adenomatous polyposis. further trials are needed.
there is insufficient evidence to recommend the use of lumbar disc prosthesis for the treatment of disc degeneration. further trials are needed.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of heparin for the treatment of acute painful crisis in patients with sca.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of relaxation in the treatment of dysmenorrhea.
there is insufficient evidence to recommend the use of chlorhexidine for the management of umbilical cord infection in newborn infants.
the is insufficient evidence to support the use of self-monitoring of blood glucose in people with type 2 diabetes.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of visual feedback in the treatment of cleft palate. further research is needed to determine whether visual feedback is useful in the management of the cleft tongue.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of clonazepam for the treatment of neuroleptic-induced akathisia in children.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of physical therapy in the rehabilitation of people with hip fractures.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of midazolam for the treatment of anxiety in women undergoing surgery.
there is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions to prevent hiv transmission in young women. more research is needed to determine the effectiveness and safety of interventions for preventing hiv transmission.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of minimally invasive surgery for pilonidal sinus disease.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of autotransfusion in the management of postoperative blood transfusion after coronary artery bypass grafting.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of perineal massage in the delivery of a nulliparous woman.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of human insulin for the management of hypoglycaemia in diabetic patients.
there is no evidence to support or refute the use of grafting with a distal vein cuff for bypass grafting in patients with critical limb ischaemia.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of nasogastric feeding for low birthweight infants. further research is needed.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of peritoneal drainage in preterm infants with perforated necrotizing enterocolitis.
there is insufficient evidence to recommend the use of fluticasone propionate in asthma patients.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of oral acyclovir in the treatment of acute infectious mononucleosis in children.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral androgenic agents for the treatment of nocturnal enuresis. further trials are needed.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of recombinant urokinase in the management of occluded cvads.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography in patients with acute biliary pancreatitis.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of patient reminder letters for screening in women with abnormal mammogram or abnormal mammograms.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of antiretroviral therapy in the treatment of cervical dysplasia.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of mtx-cf in the treatment of osteosarcoma.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of postnatal estradiol in preterm infants. further research is needed to determine the optimal use of intrauterine replacement in postterm infants with chronic lung disease.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of 5-fu in the treatment of advanced gastric cancer.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of g-csf in the treatment of children with acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of intravitreal bevacizumab in patients with cystoid macular edema.
there is insufficient evidence to recommend the use of prednisolone for the treatment of cystic fibrosis.
there is insufficient evidence from randomised controlled trials to support the use of e-epa in the treatment of schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder.
there is no evidence to support or refute the use of aromatherapy during labour. further research is needed to determine the optimal use of this technique for vaginal delivery.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of folic acid in the treatment of depression or schizophrenia.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of local anaesthetic in cervical surgery. there is no evidence that local anaesthesia reduces pain or discomfort in women undergoing cervical biopsy.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of exercise as an intervention for the prevention of hip fracture.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of safety restraints in children attending preschool. further research is needed.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of sodium bicarbonate in the treatment of op poisoning.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of the mental health act for the treatment of people with mental illness. further research is needed.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of indomethacin in the treatment of patent ductus arteriosus.
the is insufficient evidence to support the use of salbutamol as an inhaled corticosteroid for asthma.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of home-based care for hiv-infected women.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of risperidone for the treatment of autism in children.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of secondary cytoreductive surgery for ovarian cancer.
there is evidence that isokinetic exercise may be effective in reducing knee pain in patients with knee osteoarthritis.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of corticosteroids in the treatment of patients with persistent asthma.
there is insufficient evidence from randomised controlled trials to support the use of rcts in the treatment of acute low back pain.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of tranexamic acid for the treatment of hip fracture.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of screening for people with visual impairment in primary care. there is a need for further research.
the is insufficient evidence to determine whether individualized contraceptive counseling is effective in improving contraceptive uptake in women in rural areas.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of motivational interviewing in epilepsy patients. further research is needed to determine the effectiveness and safety of such interventions.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of telephone-delivered psychotherapy for hiv-positive people in rural areas.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of eye patching in the treatment of corneal abrasions.
there is no evidence that triflusal reduces the risk of stroke or ischemic infarction in patients with tia.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of ignition interlocks in the management of impaired driving.
the is insufficient evidence to support the use of phenytoin in leprosy. there is a need for further trials to evaluate the effectiveness of the combination of the two therapies.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of spinal manipulation in the treatment of primary dysmenorrhea.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of botulinum toxin type b for cervical dystonia.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of cranberry juice in the prevention of uti in women.
there is insufficient evidence from randomised controlled trials to support the use of anticoagulants for the treatment of multiple sclerosis.
there is insufficient evidence from randomised controlled trials to support the use of cam in the treatment of acute ischemic stroke.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of nicotine patches for st. there is no evidence that nicotine patches are effective in preventing st.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of coronary angiography in patients with end-stage renal disease. further randomised controlled trials are needed.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of local anaesthesia for carotid endarterectomy. there is no evidence to suggest that general anaesthesia is superior to local anaesthetic in terms of adverse events.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of orthotic foot orthotics for the treatment of cavus.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of massage therapy in the treatment of chronic low-back pain. there is a need for further research.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of acrylic posterior bite-blocks in the treatment of skeletal anterior open bite malocclusion.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of postpartum contraceptive education in women with pre-pregnancy pregnancies.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of prophylactic amoxicillin in the treatment of infants with central venous silicone elastomer catheters.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of folate in the treatment of epileptic patients with epilepsy.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of computer-based weight loss interventions for overweight or obese people.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of spironolactone in patients with diabetic nephropathy. further trials are needed.
there is insufficient evidence to determine whether or not fluid restriction reduces the risk of bronchopulmonary dysplasia in preterm infants.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of methyldopa for the prevention of pregnancy induced hypertension in pregnant women.
the is insufficient evidence to determine whether infliximab is effective in treating steroid-refractory ulcerative colitis.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of motivational interviewing in the management of alcohol use during pregnancy.
there is insufficient evidence to determine whether lactulose or polyethylene glycol is effective in relieving constipation in children.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of sex workers as sex workers in the context of hiv prevention programmes.
there is insufficient evidence to recommend the use of a sliding hip screw for the prevention of fractures of the proximal femur in elderly patients.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of psychosocial interventions for bipolar disorder. there is a need for more well-designed well-conducted randomised controlled trials.
there is insufficient evidence to draw firm conclusions about the effect of fluoride supplements on caries in children with cleft lip and palate.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral antibiotics for typhoid fever in children and adults. further trials are needed to determine whether oral antibiotics are more effective than oral antibiotics.
the is insufficient evidence to recommend the use of omeprazole for the management of gastroesophageal reflux in adults.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of dopamine in preterm infants with sma.
there is insufficient evidence to recommend the use of chloroquine alone for the prevention of malaria relapse in people with malaria.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of omega-3 fatty acids in the treatment of peripheral vascular disease.
the is insufficient evidence to recommend the combination of acetaminophen and aspirin for post-episiotomy pain relief.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of community-based tai chi exercise for the prevention of falls in the elderly.
the is insufficient evidence to recommend the use of occlusal splint therapy for the treatment of temporomandibular dysfunction.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of high-dose chemotherapy for patients with relapsed hodgkin's lymphoma.
there is no evidence to support or refute the use of omega-3 fatty acids in the treatment of cancer.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of intracytoplasmic sperm injection for ivf or icsi.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of social skills training for children with cancer.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of laparoscopic surgery for colon cancer. there is a need for further randomised controlled trials to evaluate the effectiveness and safety of open colectomy in colon cancer patients.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of hfjv in the treatment of preterm infants with uncomplicated rds.
there is insufficient evidence from randomised controlled trials to support the use of acupuncture in the treatment of stroke.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of corticosteroids in the management of gvhd. further randomised controlled trials are needed.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of hypertonic saline for the treatment of hypotension in patients undergoing surgery.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of local steroid injection for the treatment of cts.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of raloxifene in the treatment of uterine leiomyoma.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of artemether in the treatment of severe malaria.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of antidepressants in children with obsessive-compulsive disorder. further research is needed.
there is insufficient evidence to determine whether prophylactic antibiotics are effective in preventing uti in women with neurogenic bladder following surgery.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of interventions for women with intimate partner violence. further research is needed.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of emla for the treatment of leg ulcers. further research is needed.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of heparin for the prevention of thrombosis in postoperative orthopedic patients.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of furosemide in the treatment of transient tachypnea of the newborn.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of rosiglitazone in the treatment of type 2 diabetes.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of botulinum toxin type b for the treatment of als.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of ketanserin in the treatment of idiopathic raynaud's phenomenon.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of antipsychotic drugs for the prevention of relapse in schizophrenia.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of manual chest physiotherapy for the treatment of cystic fibrosis.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of water chlorination for diarrhoea prevention in rural areas.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of intraocular lens extractions for cataract glaucoma. further studies are needed to confirm the effectiveness and safety of these procedures.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of quetiapine or haloperidol for the treatment of schizophrenia. further trials are needed to determine the effectiveness of these drugs.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of intraventricular streptokinase in neonates with posthaemorrhagic hydrocephalus.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of cyclophosphamide in the treatment of paraquat poisoning. further trials are needed to confirm the effectiveness of cyclaphosphamide as an anti-inflammatory agent.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of haloperidol for the treatment of chronic schizophrenia.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of instructional training in schizophrenia. further research is needed to confirm the effectiveness of instructional techniques in schizophrenia and to determine whether they can be used to improve the quality of clinical practice.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of homeopathic remedies for the treatment of asthma in children.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of iodinated salt for the treatment of iodine deficiency in children.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of corticosteroids in the treatment of nasal polyposis.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral cobalamin for the treatment of peripheral neuropathy. further trials are needed.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of naltrexone for the treatment of alcohol dependence in alcohol dependent patients.
the is insufficient evidence to recommend the use of naftopidil in the treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of ophthalmic suspension for the treatment of bacterial conjunctivitis in children.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of resistance training in people with osteoarthritis of the knee.
there is insufficient evidence from randomised controlled trials to support the use of ct scans in the treatment of traumatic brain injury.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of steam inhalation in the treatment of the common cold. there is a need for further randomised controlled trials.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of single-bag systems for peritonitis in patients with end-stage renal failure.
the is insufficient evidence to recommend the use of ipratropium or fenoterol in the treatment of acute asthma.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of oral protein energy supplements in children with cystic fibrosis.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of hypnotic analgesia in childbirth education. further research is needed to determine the effectiveness and safety of hypnosis for women with depression.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of hyperbaric oxygen in the treatment of burn injuries.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of gonadotropin-releasing hormone agonists in the treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome.
there is insufficient evidence to recommend the use of oral antibiotics in the treatment of acute pyelonephritis.
therehaloperidol appears to be an effective treatment for schizophrenia. however there is insufficient evidence to determine whether it is superior to placebo or placebo.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of community-based hiv counselling for women with hiv. further research is needed to determine the effectiveness of community based hiv counselling.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral antibiotics for the treatment of osteomyelitis in adults.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of hospital-based discharge planning for patients with congestive heart failure. further research is needed.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of sodium restriction in people with hypertension. there is no evidence that sodium restriction reduces blood pressure or blood pressure.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of naloxone in the treatment of pip syndrome.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of gonadotropin-releasing hormone analogs in the treatment of women with endometriosis.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of infliximab in the treatment of active crohn's disease.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of intracervical pge2 gel for induction of labour in women with cervical ripening.
there is insufficient evidence from randomised controlled trials to support the use of herbs for the prevention and management of influenza.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of surgery for rectal cancer. further randomised controlled trials are needed to assess the effect of surgery on quality of life.
the is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral corticosteroids in the treatment of cancer.
there is insufficient evidence to recommend carbamazepine as an effective treatment for pain relief in patients with severe dpn.
there is no evidence to support or refute the use of nimodipine in the treatment of subarachnoid haemorrhage. there is a need for further research.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral leukoplakia as a treatment for dysplasia in patients with oral leukeoplakia.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of telemedicine for depression in primary care settings.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of vigabatrin for the treatment of refractory partial seizures.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of sterile water for labour pain relief in women with low back pain.
the is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of early intervention for preterm infants. further research is needed to assess the effects of early interventions on developmental outcomes in preterm babies.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of arch wires in the treatment of dental arches. there is a need for further randomised controlled trials.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of scs in the treatment of non-reconstructible leg ischaemia.
there is no evidence to support the use of hypothermia in patients with acute ischemic stroke.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of imipramine in the treatment of dysthymia.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of varenicline for smoking cessation in smokers with moderate to moderate smoking status.
the ischemic preconditioning is effective in preventing hepatic resection under vascular exclusion of the liver. however there is insufficient evidence to recommend the use of this technique for the prevention of liver disease.
the is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of chest physiotherapy for the treatment of cystic fibrosis.
there is insufficient evidence to recommend the use of local heat or cold therapy in the rehabilitation of knee arthroplasty patients.
there is insufficient evidence to recommend the use of a guide wire cannulation technique for the prevention of pancreatic dysfunction in patients with pancreatitis.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of 6-mercaptopurine in the treatment of crohn's disease. further trials are needed to confirm the effectiveness of the drug in the management of inflammatory bowel disease.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of vena cava filters in the treatment of pulmonary embolism.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of aerobic exercise for children with learning disabilities. further research is needed to determine whether aerobic exercise improves self-concept and self-esteem.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of exercise training in patients with renal disease.
there is insufficient evidence from randomised controlled trials to determine whether antitrypsin augmentation therapy improves lung function or exacerbates emphysema.
the is insufficient evidence to support the use of partial dentin in primary molars. further research is needed to determine the optimal method of dentin removal for the prevention and management of carious lesions.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of magnetic stimulation for the treatment of neck pain in patients with neck pain.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of clioquinol for the treatment of alzheimer's disease.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of corticosteroids for preterm delivery. further trials are needed to determine the optimal dose and duration of the treatment. further research is needed.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of ligament reconstruction in the treatment of osteoarthritis of the thumb.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of delayed cord clamping for preterm infants. further trials are needed to determine the optimal timing of clamping.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of transurethral catheterisation for urinary tract infection after surgery.
there is insufficient evidence to recommend the use of oseltamivir for the prevention of influenza a and b in children.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of squeezable bottle feeding for cleft lip and palate in children with clefts.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of adjuvant chemotherapy to treat patients with advanced stage endometrial cancer.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of orthoses for the treatment of plantar fasciitis. further research is needed to determine whether orthoses are more effective than sham orthoses in the management of pain.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of laser in situ keratomileusis lasik for the treatment of myopia.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of cognitive-behavioral interventions for the management of insomnia.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of perforated splints for the treatment of mallet finger deformity.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of extra-amniotic prostaglandin e2 in the induction of labour.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of corticosteroids in the treatment of hellp syndrome.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of court-ordered outpatient treatment for people with psychotic disorders.
the is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of sodium reduction interventions in people with hypertension. further research is needed.
there is insufficient evidence to recommend the use of paracetamol in children with acute febrile illnesses. further research is needed.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of anticoagulants for the treatment of atrial fibrillation.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of interferon beta-1a in relapsing-remitting ms.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of inotropic drugs for the treatment of encephalopathy.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of amethocaine in the treatment of venous puncture pain in children.
therechiropractic spinal manipulation appears to be effective in reducing crying in infants with colic. however there is insufficient evidence to determine whether it is beneficial or harmful for infants. further research is needed.
there is insufficient evidence to recommend the use of coronary artery bypass grafting for angina pectoris in patients with lad.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of clomiphene citrate for ovulation induction in women with chorionic gonadotropins.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of probiotics for acute diarrhoea in children.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of kangaroo mother care for low birthweight infants. further research is needed.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of antipsychotic drugs for the treatment of borderline personality disorder.
there is insufficient evidence from randomised controlled trials to determine the effectiveness of amoebic liver aspiration in patients with ala.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of gonadotropin-releasing hormone agonists in ivf.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of primary chemotherapy in the treatment of colorectal cancer. further randomised controlled trials are needed.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of neoadjuvant chemotherapy in the treatment of ovarian cancer.
there is insufficient evidence to recommend routine care for women undergoing cesarean delivery. further research is needed to determine whether routine care and music therapy are beneficial or harmful for women who are planning to have a vaginal birth. more research is required to determine if routine care is beneficial for women experiencing cesarenal delivery.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of hsil for cervical cancer screening in women with atypical squamous cells.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of breathing exercises in people with copd.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of flexible intrauterine insemination catheters for women undergoing iui. further research is needed to determine the optimal use of rigid intrauterines inseminating catheter for women with infertility.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of methylphenidate in the treatment of tourette's syndrome.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of anti-d immunoglobulin in the treatment of rhesus d positive infants.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of biennial screening for colorectal cancer. further randomised controlled trials are needed.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of low-vision aids for the treatment of people with age-related macular degeneration.
theketogenic diet appears to be effective in reducing seizures in children with epilepsy. however there is no evidence to support the use of ketogenic diets for treating epilepsy in children.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of oral analgesics in labour. further research is needed.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of psychosocial interventions for people with schizophrenia and substance use disorders.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of haart in the management of hiv-1-infected patients with chronic hiv.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of tracheostomy in the treatment of acute respiratory failure.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of pressure-relieving equipment for the management of pressure ulcers in older adults.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of lactase-treated preterm feeds in preterm infants. further trials are needed to determine whether lactase is beneficial for preterm infant feeding.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of interferon beta-1b in the treatment of ms.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of h1-antihistamines in the treatment of people with chronic eye disease.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of behavioral home-based nutrition education for adults with cystic fibrosis.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of human erythropoietin in capd.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of olanzapine in the treatment of dementia.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of h. pylori in the management of duodenal ulcer disease.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of corticosteroids in the treatment of patients with allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of edaravone in the treatment of acute ischaemic stroke.
the is insufficient evidence to determine whether anti-osm immunotherapy is effective in the treatment of ovarian cancer. further trials are needed.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of inhaled corticosteroids in the treatment of asthma.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of prophylactic mp for graft-versus-host disease in patients with gvhd.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of radiotherapy for non-small cell lung cancer in patients with nsclc.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of ssz for the treatment of psoriatic arthritis. there is a need for further trials.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of a fast-track approach to colonic surgery.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of intravenous iron in patients with ckd. further trials are needed.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of treadmill training for parkinson's disease. further trials are needed to determine whether treadmill training is superior to treadmill training in the prevention of pd.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral taurine in the treatment of myotonic dystrophy.
there is insufficient evidence to recommend the use of methyl prednisolone for the prevention of cardiopulmonary heart disease.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of lidocaine-prilocaine during immunization in infants.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of tpd for the treatment of hypercatabolic arf in patients with tpd. further research is needed to determine whether tpd is superior to cepd in terms of clearances of arf.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of cognitive training in people with ms. there is a need for more well-designed well-conducted and well-controlled trials.
the is insufficient evidence to support the use of antidepressants in primary care. further research is needed to confirm the effectiveness of antidepressants for treating depression.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of strontium ranelate in the treatment of postmenopausal osteoporosis.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of preimplantation genetic screening in women with advanced maternal age. further research is needed to determine the optimal use of pgs.
there is insufficient evidence from randomised controlled trials to determine whether primary closure is a safe and cost effective alternative to t-tube drainage after open choledochotomy.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of psychotherapy in women with chronic pelvic pain. there is a need for more rigorous well-designed and well-conducted randomised controlled trials.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of oral contraceptives for the prevention and maintenance of menstrual bleeding.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of antibiotics in the treatment of neurogenic bladder. further trials are needed to assess the effectiveness of antibiotics for bladder drainage and to determine whether antibiotics are effective.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of intravenous fluids in elective surgical procedures. there is a need for further research.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of hydroxyurea in the treatment of stage iib cervical cancer.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of ketanserin for the treatment of raynaud's phenomenon.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of internal fixation for displaced femoral neck fractures. further research is needed.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of radiotherapy plus hyperthermia in the treatment of locally advanced cancer.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of penicillamine in the treatment of cholangitis.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of intravenous quinine for the treatment of acute malaria in children.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of social support for smoking cessation in smokers. there is a need for more well-designed well-conducted well designed and well-controlled trials to evaluate the effectiveness of social supports for quitting.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of fluconazole prophylaxis in women with hiv infection.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of spinal anaesthesia for the treatment of postoperative apnea.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of metformin in the treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of zidovudine alone or zalcitabine alone in hiv-1-infected patients.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of social media in the management of syphilis in men.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of radical hysterectomies in the treatment of stage ib cervical cancer.
the is insufficient evidence to support the use of antiparkinsonian dopamine agonists for the treatment of parkinson's disease.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of task-oriented rehabilitation for people with stroke. further trials are needed to confirm the effectiveness of task oriented rehabilitation for stroke rehabilitation.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of methotrexate in the treatment of asthma.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of mri-verified cervical root compression in patients with mild myelopathy.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of primaquine in the treatment of malaria in children.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of phenytoin monotherapy in the treatment of epilepsy.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of d-cycloserine in the treatment of alzheimer's disease.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of fluoxetine for the treatment of major depression in children and adolescents.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of vem in the treatment of stroke. there is a need for further randomised controlled trials to determine whether vem is safe and effective.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of active management of labour in women with low risk of labour.
the is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of chiropractic spinal manipulation in the management of cervical pain.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of oral contraceptives for preventing intermenstrual bleeding. there is a need for further trials.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of oral steroids for the treatment of ms. further research is needed.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of spironolactone in the management of hypertension in people with hypertension.
there is insufficient evidence to recommend the use of antibiotics in the treatment of active symptomatic crohn's disease.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of olanzapine in the treatment of manic or mixed episodes.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of baclofen in the treatment of opioid dependence in people with opioid dependence.
the is insufficient evidence to support the use of computer-based endoscopy training for colonoscopy.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of a pacifier in breastfeeding. further research is needed to determine the effectiveness of pacifier use in breastfeeding and breastfeeding at different ages and duration.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of anti-histamines in transfusion febrile reactions.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of blister packs in the treatment of malaria. further research is needed to determine whether blister packs are effective in reducing the cost of treatment.
the is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of roadside training in children. further research is needed to determine the effectiveness of road-side training for children.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of heparin in the treatment of dic. there is a need for further trials.
the is insufficient evidence to determine whether prophylaxis is more effective than oral antibiotics in the prevention of wound infection.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of carnitine for the treatment of fetal retardation in women with fgr.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of blood transfusion in acute gastrointestinal haemorrhage.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of perphenazin-enanthate in the treatment of schizophrenia. further trials are needed to determine the effect of per phenazin in the management of schizophrenia and its symptoms.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of sacral nerve stimulation in the treatment of fecal incontinence. further trials are needed.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of ultrasound for the management of preterm labour in women with threatened preterm labor. further randomised controlled trials are needed.
the isosorbide mononitrate is effective in preventing cervical ripening before surgical evacuation of the uterus. however there is insufficient evidence to support its use in women undergoing surgical abortion.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of two-layer closures for abdominal surgery. there is a need for further research.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of plasma exchange as a treatment for neuropathy. further trials are needed to determine whether plasma exchange is effective in treating neuropathy in people with neuropathic disorders.
the is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of behavioural interventions to reduce smoking in children with asthma.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of aromatherapy in the treatment of people with dementia. there is a need for further research.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of dalteparin in the management of pre-eclampsia. further trials are needed.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of pedometer-based exercise interventions for health-related outcomes. further research is needed.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of levodopa in the treatment of parkinson's disease. there is a need for further randomised controlled trials.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of self-management in the management of atrial fibrillation.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of calcium-phosphorus in the treatment of secondary hyperparathyroidism.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of chloroquine in the treatment of ra.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of family-based interventions in the management of schizophrenia. further research is needed.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of gabapentin enacarbil for migraine.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of thymosin in the treatment of patients with metastatic cancer.
there is insufficient evidence from randomised controlled trials to support the use of thromethamine in the management of cerebral ischemia.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of bap in the treatment of ovarian germ cell tumors.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of iuds for preventing pregnancy. there is a need for further trials to evaluate the effectiveness and safety of intrauterine contraceptive devices in preventing pregnancy in women with pre-abortion pregnancies.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of videotape in the prevention of sexual abuse in children. there is a need for further research.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of desipramine for the treatment of depression in ms.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of endoscopic biliary drainage in the treatment of pancreatic head carcinoma.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of naltrexone in the treatment of heroin addicts. further research is needed to determine the optimal dose and duration of treatment.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of buffered lidocaine in the treatment of open carpal tunnel decompression.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of antifungal antibiotics for the treatment of urinary tract infections.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral steroids for the management of hypertension in patients with moderate to moderate hypertension.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of external drainage stent for pancreatic fistula in patients undergoing pancreaticoduodenectomy.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of analgesics in the treatment of chronic back pain. further trials are needed to determine whether analgesics are effective in treating chronic pain.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of heparin in the management of patients with deep-vein thrombosis.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of educational interventions for the treatment of latent tuberculosis.
the is insufficient evidence to determine whether gtr is effective in preventing or reducing intrabony defects. further research is required to determine the optimal method of gtr.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of swimming in children with asthma. further research is needed to determine whether swimming is associated with a significant improvement in asthma symptoms and quality of life in children.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of recombinant human chorionic gonadotropin for assisted reproduction.
there is insufficient evidence to recommend the use of oxytocin alone for the prevention of postpartum haemorrhage.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of nicotine patches for smoking cessation in indigenous populations.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of radiotherapy alone in the treatment of advanced nasopharyngeal carcinoma.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of placental cord drainage for vaginal delivery. further research is needed to determine the optimal method of drainage for placental delivery.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of theophylline in the treatment of nocturnal asthma.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of task-orientated physical therapy in people with chronic stroke.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of mammography for early detection of breast cancer in women aged 50 to 59 years.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of oral antiretroviral drugs for the prevention of hiv.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of root canal treatment for apical periodontitis. there is a need for further research.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of cryosurgical techniques in the treatment of cancer.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of cdp870 for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of compression-decompression cardiopulmonary resuscitation in the treatment of patients with prehospital cardiac arrest.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of anticoagulants in the treatment of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of implants in the removal of teeth. further randomised controlled trials are needed to confirm the effectiveness and safety of implants for removing teeth.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of lycopene in the treatment of prostate hyperplasia.
there is insufficient evidence to recommend the use of ophthalmic anesthetic eyedrops for the treatment of trigeminal neuralgia.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of continuous portal clamping for liver resections in cirrhotic patients undergoing hepatectomy.
the is insufficient evidence to recommend the use of pirenzepine for the prevention of myopia in children.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of topical ophthalmic ointments for the treatment of meibomian gland dysfunction.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of intravenous magnesium sulfate tocolysis for preterm delivery.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of a low-bacterial diet for patients with acute myeloid leukemia.
the is insufficient evidence to support the use of short-term oxygen supplementation in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of intravenous anaesthetic techniques for the treatment of distal radius fractures.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of manual vacuum aspiration for abortion at less than 10 weeks gestation.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of oral surgery for the occlusion of the velopharyngeal sphincter.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of hypothermia in the treatment of acute aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of community-based physical activity interventions in the prevention of cardiovascular disease.
there is insufficient evidence to recommend the use of prophylactic antibiotics prior to iud insertion for women with iud infection.
there is insufficient evidence to recommend the use of deferiprone for thalassemia major. further trials are needed to determine the optimal dose of the treatment.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of topical corticosteroids for the treatment of pruritus.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of endoscopic variceal band ligation in the treatment of cirrhosis of the liver. there is a need for more well-designed randomised controlled trials.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of carbamazepine in the treatment of alcohol withdrawal.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of amitriptyline in the treatment of depression.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of olanzapine for the treatment of schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of chlorhexidine vaginal irrigation for the prevention of peripartal infection in women in labour.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of central venous catheters for ventilator-associated pneumonia.
there laparoscopic appendectomy is more effective than open appendectomy in reducing the risk of acute appendicitis. however there is insufficient evidence to support the use of laparoscopy as an alternative to open surgery.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of sargramostim in the treatment of active crohn's disease.
the is insufficient evidence to support the use of preoperative analgesics for orthodontic separator placement.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral antibiotics in patients with acute leukemia undergoing chemotherapy. further trials are needed to determine whether oral antibiotics are effective in treating acute leukemia.
there calcium supplementation appears to reduce the risk of pregnancy-induced hypertension in women with pre-eclampsia. however there is insufficient evidence to determine whether calcium supplementation is associated with a reduction in preterm birth.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of dietary interventions for people with hypercholesterolaemia.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of fluoride varnish for the prevention of caries.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of stapled haemorrhoidectomy in the treatment of hemorrhoids. further trials are needed.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of penfluridol for the maintenance of schizophrenia.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of phenytoin for the treatment of impulsive aggression in alcoholics.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of allopurinol in the treatment of colonic cancer.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of intravenous immunoglobulin in preterm infants with sepsis.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of melarsoprol in the treatment of trypanosoma brucei gambiense. further trials are needed.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of dpi in the treatment of copd. further trials are needed to determine whether dpi is superior to dpi for copd and whether it is better than dpi or dpi.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of laparoscopic radical nephrectomy for the prevention of hernia formation. further research is needed to determine the effectiveness of this approach for the management of the hernia.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of open cholecystectomy for the treatment of biliary colic.
there magnesium sulfate and phenytoin appear to reduce the risk of pre-eclampsia. however there is insufficient evidence to support the use of magnesium sulphate in women with preeclampia.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of interferon beta-1a in the treatment of primary progressive ms.
there is insufficient evidence to recommend the use of vitamin e supplementation for the prevention of liver cirrhosis or liver cancer.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of facedown positioning for vitrectomy after macular hole surgery.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of psychological interventions to reduce hiv risk in hiv-infected men.
the is insufficient evidence to determine whether ketoconazole is associated with a significant reduction in depressive symptoms in patients with pmd.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of benzodiazepines in the management of alcohol withdrawal syndrome.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of school-based interventions for preventing overweight and obesity in children.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of nebulizers in the management of acute asthma in children.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of shoulder arthroplasty for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis.
there is insufficient evidence to recommend the use of peritoneal catheters for the treatment of capd.
there is insufficient evidence to recommend the use of lamotrigine for lennox-gastaut syndrome.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of dietary interventions to prevent weight gain in pregnant women.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of pneumatic compression in stroke patients. there is a need for further randomised controlled trials.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of social skills training in children. further research is needed to assess the effect of social skill training on the prevention of substance use in young people.
the is insufficient evidence to recommend the use of antibiotics in the treatment of acute sinusitis. further trials are needed.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of inhaled nitric oxide as a treatment for acute respiratory distress syndrome.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of chemotherapy for patients with metastatic breast cancer.
there is insufficient evidence to support the use of epidural analgesia in labour. there is a need for more well-designed trials.
there is insufficient evidence to recommend the use of evening primrose oil for the treatment of atopic eczema.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of ciprofloxacin in cirrhotic patients with bacterial peritonitis.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of antibiotic prophylaxis in the treatment of perineal wound complications.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of pelvic floor exercises in the treatment of radical prostatectomy. there is a need for more rigorous well-designed and well-conducted trials.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of nicotine replacement therapy for schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder. further randomised controlled trials are needed to assess the effect of nicotine therapy on smoking cessation.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of vvir or vvi pacing for the prevention of atrial fibrillation.
there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of contingency contracting in the treatment of alcohol dependence. further research is needed.